A soldier who had given up his life had nothing to live for and knew he could not help himself .. When he went out into the forest, and when he went to a certain place, he met a little man, who was a devil.. The man said to him, "What's wrong with you? You look so miserable". The soldier said, "I'm hungry, but I don't have any money". The devil said, "If you will be my servant, you shall have enough for the rest of your life.. But I tell you one thing, you must not wash, not comb, not snip, not cut nails and hair and not wipe water from your eyes. The soldier said, "Fresh drink, if nothing else can be, and go with the man who led him straight into the Hell. Then he told him that he should have done this: he should have burned the fire under the kettle, where the Hell's Bread is, kept the house clean, carried the dirt behind the door, and seen everything in order: but if he looked only once into the kettle, he would have been in hell. The soldier said, "It's all right, I'll be all right". The old devil went back out on his journey, and the soldier returned to his duty, put the fire under the door, and went back to the trunk behind the door, all as ordered.. Wie der alte Teufel wieder kam, saw him after all had happened War, showed himself to be satisfied and went to the fort a second time. The soldier looked up once again, and saw the kettle ringing in the hell, and a great fire beneath, and it was boiling and burning in it.. He would have liked to have looked in for his life, if the devil had not so strictly forbidden him: finally he could not hold himself any longer, he took a small bisch from the first kettle, put the lid on and looked in. He saw his former Unteroffizier sitting there: "Ha, Vogel, I met you here? You have had me, now I have you, let the wind blow the deckel, schürte das Feuer und legte noch frisch zu. Then he went to the second boiler, and he sat down and looked at it, and said to his master, "Vogel, have I found you here? You have had me, now I have you, and I have made the lid again, and I have not yet made a clot of herb, which I should make him first".. Now he also wanted to see who in the third Kessel säße, da wars gar ein General: aha, Vogel, treff ich dich hier? du hast mich gehabt, jetzt hab ich dich,  holte den Blasbalg und lasse das Höllenfeuer recht unter ihm flackern. Also that he did not wash himself, did not shave, did not cut his nails and hair, and did not wash his eyes with water; and the seven years were so short to him that he thought it had been only half a year.. If now the time is ripe for war, the devil will come and say, "Hans, what have you done? I have put the fire under the kettle, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the wood under the door, I have put the. "I hadn't thought of that". He said, "I'm glad you're here".. Before the Wirthshaus stands the Wirth, and as he sees the herd come, he is shocked, because Hans is so entsetzlich aussah, ärger als eine Vogelscheuche. He called him and asked him where you came from. Out of the Hell. Where are you?. So Hans was given the best room and was well received, ate and drank, sat, washed but did not fight, as the devil had commanded, and finally went to sleep.. The next morning, when Hans got up, the man who had paid the ransom and wanted to go on, had already paid the ransom.. He looked at himself, but thought, "You've been unlucky without any fault", and went back to hell, to complain to the old devil about his nothingness and to ask for his help.. The devil said, "Sit down, I'll wash you, comb you, cut your hair and nails and wipe your eyes", and when he was done with him, he gave him the ranzen again voll Kehrdreck and said, "Go there, and tell the host he should give you your gold again, otherwise I'll come and take it, and he should burn it in your place". Hans went up and spoke to the host, "You have stolen my gold, so don't give it back, so you'll go to my place in hell, and you'll look as grey as I do".. There was an old king in the land, before whom he must play, and he governed it with such joy, that he promised his eldest daughter to Hans for marriage.. When she heard that she was to marry such a commoner in a white kittel, she said, "I would rather go to the deepest water". The king gave him the youngest, who would gladly do her father's love; and also got the devil's rougher brother the king's daughter, and when the old king died, the whole empire was also lost.