"Once the bear and the wolf came to the forest in the summertime, and heard the bird singing so beautifully, and said, 'Brother Wolf, what is it that makes a bird sing so beautifully?' 'That is the king of birds,' said the wolf, 'We must not fear them; it is the king of the wild birds.'. "If that is so", said the bear, "I would like to see his royal palace, come and take me there". "It's not as you think", said the wolf, "you must wait until the queen comes".. The bear would have gone back immediately, but the wolf stopped him at the Ermel and said, "No, you must wait until Herr und Frau Königin are strong again".. The bear, however, had no rest, wanted to see the royal palace, and returned after a short while. The king and queen were really excited, and they looked in and saw five or six young men lying there.. "Just the royal palace!" cried the bear, "This is a wretched palace! You are not even the children of the king, you are dishonest children". "When the young kings heard this, they became violent and cried out, 'We are not, our parents are honest people.' "The bear and the wolf were afraid, so they returned and settled in their caves".. The young Zaunkönige but cried and cried loudly, and when their parents again brought food, they said wir rühren kein Fliegenbein an, and we should starve, until you have first decided whether we are honest children or not: der Bär ist da gewesen, und hat uns geschult. Da sagte der alte König seid nur ruhig, das soll ausgericht werden. Flog darauf mit der Frau Königin dem Bären vor seine Höhle und rief hinein alter Brummbär warum hast du meine Kinder geschult? das dir übel bekommen, das wollen wir in einem blutigen Krieg ausmachen. War also war. The Zaunkönig aber berift alles was in der Luft fliegt; nicht allein die Vögel groß und klein, sondern auch die Mücken, Hornissen, Bienen und Fliegen musten herbei. When now the time came, where der Krieg angehen sollte, da sent der Zaunkönig Kundschafter aus, who would be the Kommanderende General des Feindes. The Mücke was the most cunning of all, swärmte im Wald, where der Feind sich versammelte, und setzte sich endlich unter ein Blatt auf den Baum, where the Parole was issued. "Fuchs, you are the smartest among all the Geths, you should be a general, and lead us". "Well", said Fuchs, "but what sign do we want to be believed?". "I have a long bushy tail, which looks like a red feather bush; if I hold the tail high, it's all right, and you must march on it; but if I let it hang down, you can run". When the fox heard this, she flew back home and told the king everything she had heard. When the day of battle was to be delivered, the four-footed Gethiergerger then came with the brimstone, that the earth trembled; the king with his army came through the air, that's why they screamed, shouted and shouted in fear and alarm, and they went from one side to the other.. The Zaunkönig sent the Hornisse down, they should sit under the Schwanz and stechen aus Leibeskräften. When the fox had received the first sting, he shook his head, lifted up one leg, but he returned and held his tail still high; at the second sting he had to lower it for a moment; at the third, however, he could not hold himself any longer, screamed and took the tail between the legs. As the Beasts saw, they thought all was lost and fled to run, each to his cave: and the Birds had won the battle. They flew the Herr König and the Frau Königin home to their children, and called "Kinder, seid fröhlich, ess und trink nach Herzenslust, wir haben den Krieg gewonnen". The young Zaunkönige said "But we still eat nicht, der Bär soll erst vor Nest kommen und Abbitte thun und sagen, dass wir ehrliche Kinder sind". They flew the Zaunkönig vor das Loch des Bären und rief "Brummbär, du vorst das Nest zu Kindern meinen und Abbitte thun und sagen. Now the young Zaunkönige were only satisfied, they sat down together, ate and drank and made themselves merry until late at night.