J. Once there was a little child, who gave his mother a Schüsselchen mit Milch und Weckbrocken every afternoon, and the child sat down with it outside in the Hof. If it is but an enemy to eat, so come die Hausunke aus einer Mauerritze hervor gekrochen, senkte ihr Köpfchen in die Milch und aß mit. The child had his joy in it, and when it was with his Schüsselchen it sat, and the Unke came not like her, so he called it her zu Unke, Unke, komm geschwind, komm herbei, du kleine Ding, sollst dein Bröckchen haben, an der Milch dich laben. Da kam die Unke gelaufen und ließ es sich gut schmecken. She was also grateful, because she brought the child from her treasure all kinds of beautiful things, shiny stones, pearls and golden toys. The Unke drank but only milk and let the Brocken lie. The mother, who was in the kitchen, heard that the child was talking to someone, and when she saw that he had struck her with his Löffelchen after a meal, she went out with a piece of wood and killed the animal.. It was so long ago that my uncle had eaten with him, had grown tall and strong, but now he's lost his beautiful red back and his magical face.. Not long after, in the night of the death, a bird was seen to write, and the Rothkelchen gathered the little twigs and leaves into a death-crown, and soon afterwards the child was found on the sea.. The wind is so strong that it blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blows its blue wings, and the wind blo. Alsobald the Unk that saw it, wanted to see it, came again and brought a small golden Krönchen carried, read it on it and came back then again. The girl took the crown, she glitzerte und war von zartem Goldgespinnst. Not long after, the Queen came for the second time, and, as she no longer saw the crown, she crawled to the wall and beat her head with her hands for so long, as if she had no strength, until she finally died.. If the girl had left the crown, the uncle would have probably taken more of her treasures from the cave. JJJ. The uncle says: "Huh, huh, huh, huh". The uncle comes out, and asks the child if his sister has not seen the Rothstrümpfchen.