In one of the mills lived an old miller, who had neither wife nor children, and three miller boys served with him. As they had been with him for many years, he said one day to them: "I am old, and will sit behind the stove: look out, and whoever brings me the best horse to the house, to him I will give the mill, and he shall serve me for it until my death". The third of the boys was but the little servant, the ward of the others was considered foolish, to whom they did not give the mill; and he did not want to do it again. They all went out together, and when they came to the village, they said to the foolish Hans, "You can only stay here, you will not be a Gaul all your life". But Hans came with them, and when it was night, they went to a cave, and there they lay to sleep.. The two Klugen waited until Hans had fallen asleep, then they got up, made themselves strong and let their hands lie, and thought they had done right; yes, it will not go well for you! Wie nun die Sonne kam, und Hans aufwachte, lag er in einer tiefen Höhle: he guckte sich überall um und rief ach Gott, wo bin ich!  Da erhob er sich und krappelte die Höhle hinauf, ging in den Wald und dachte ich bin hier ganz allein und, verlassen soll ich nun zu einem Pferd kommen!  Jndem er so in Gedanken dahin geengeng, begegnete ihm ein. Come with me and be my faithful servant for seven years, so I will give you one, more beautiful than you have ever seen in your life. Now this is a wonderful cat, thought Hans, but I will see if what she says is true. Then she took him with her into her beloved castle and had many more cats, which she served: the leaps flink the stairs up and down, were funny and good things. In the evening, when they sat down to table, they had to make three music: one strikes the bass, the other the guitar, the third sets the trumpet and the rest the back so very it could only. When they had eaten, the table was taken away, and the Cat said "Come, Hans, and dance with me". No, she answered, "I don't dance with a girl, I've never done that before".. I light him one in his bedroom, one in his shoes, one in his shirt and lastly, one in the light.. The next morning they came back and helped him out of bed: one pulled his pants, one tied his pants, one pulled his shoes, one washed him and one wiped his face with his cock. "As the right hon.. But he had to serve the cat and make small pieces of wood every day, and he had to get a silver axe, a silver axe, a silver axe, and a copper axe.. Now, she made her little, stayed in the house, had her guts to eat and drink, but nobody saw the colorful cat and her family. Once she said to him, "Go to my field and dry the grass, and give him a silver sense and a gold wet stone, and then he must sacrifice everything again".. The first thing that came to mind was that he was going to be a secretary, and he was going to be a full-time employee, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a housewife, and he was going to be a. "No", said the Cat, "you'll have to build me a house, and I'll have everything ready, and I'll have no horse".. But those seven years had gone by like a half. Ask the Cat if he wants to see her horses.. And they made him the house, and because they opened the door so, there stood twelve horses, but they had been very proud, they had been blinking and reflected, that his heart in the body was glad about it. And she gave him to eat and to drink, and said, Go home, and I will not take your horse with you; but in three days I will come and bring you back. And he went on his way, and she showed him the way to the well.. She had not given him a new dress, but he had to keep the old lumpy little ones he had brought with him, which had become too short for him in the seven years of war.. We had come home, and so had the other two Müllerburschen. Each had his black horse with him, but one was blind, the other lame.. They asked Hans, where is your horse? In three days he will come. They laughed and said, yes Hans, if you want to get a horse, that will be right! Hans came into the room, but Müller said he should not come to the table, he would be so torn and torn, he should be ashamed if anyone came in here. They gave him a bischen Essen hinaus, und wie sie Abends schlafen kamen, wollten ihm die zwei and kein Bett geben, und er musste endlich ins Gänseställchen kriechen und sich auf ein wenig Herzen Stroh legen. In the morning, as he wakes, there are already three days here, and there comes a carriage with six horses, yes, the glänzten, that es schön war, and a servant, der brachte noch ein siebentes, das war für die armen Müllerbursch. Out of the carriage came a beautiful princess and she came into the mill, and the princess was the little kitten, whom poor Hans had served for seven years.. She asked the miller where the Mahlbursch, the Kleinknecht was, and the miller said, "We can't take him into the mill, he's so rotten and lies in the Gänsestall".. They also took him out, and he had to be kitted together, to cover himself.. The servant had to take off his fine clothes, wash them and put them on, and when he was finished, no king could look more beautiful.. Then the Jungfrau wanted to see the horses that the other Mahlburschen had brought, one was blind, the other lame.. "If you had brought the servant the seventh horse, as Müller saw, he would not have come to the court, and this is for the third Mahlbursch", she said.. "Da muss er die Mühle haben", said der Müller, the Königstochter, but spake da wäre das Pferd, he should be able to keep his Mühle auch: and taking her faithful Hans and putting him in the carriage and riding with him for. They first go to the little house he built with the silver tool, which is a big castle, and is all in it of silver and gold; and they have taken him in, and he is rich, so rich that he has had enough for his lifetime. But let no one say that he is a fool, and therefore has no right to be a fool.