Once upon a time there was a farmer who had money and wealth, but as rich as he was, so lacked something of his happiness: he had no children with his wife. Later, when he met the other peasants in the city, they spotted him and asked why he had no children. He was finally angry, and when he came home, he said, "I want a child, and I should be a Jew". When his wife got a child, and there was a Jew upstairs and a Jew downstairs, and when she saw the child, she was frightened and said, "You see, you have betrayed us". He said, "The man can do anything, but the Jew must be killed, but we cannot take any clothes with him".. He could not drink, because he would have stopped her with his stacheln.. So he lay behind the stove eight years, and his father was tired of him and thought when he only died; but he did not die, but remained lying. Now it occurred to him that there was a market in the town, and the farmer wanted to go, so he asked his wife if she should go with him.. "In a little flesh and a few weeks, was zum Haushalt gehört". I'm going to ask the maid, who wanted a pair of toffels and a wickel.. Finally he also said, "Hans mein Jgel, what willst du denn haben?" "Väterchen", he said, "bring me doch einen Dudelsack mit". "Wie nun der Bauer wieder nach Haus kam, gab er der Frau, was er ihr gekauft hatte, Fleisch und Wecke, dann gab er der Magd die Toffeln und die Zwickelstrümpfe, endlich ging er hinter den Ofen und gab dem Hans mein Jgel den Dudelsack" "Hans mein Jgel, what do you want?" He said, "I'm going to get some meat and some bread, and I'm going to get some towels and. And when Hans Mein Jgel had the Dudelsack, he said: "Väterchen, geht doch vor die Schmiede und lasset mir meinen Göckelhahn beschlagen, dann will ich fortreiten und will nie mehr zurückkommen". Da war der Vater froh, dass er ihn los werden sollte, und ließ ihm den Hahn beschlagen, und als er fertig war, set sich Hans Mein Jgel darauf, ritt fort, nahm auch Schweine und Esel mit, die wollen er draußen im Walde hüten. But the rooster flew with him to a high tree, and he sat there and ate the donkey and the pig, and sat there for many years until the big war was over, and his father knew nothing of him.. When he sat on the tree, he blew his Dudelsack and made music, which was very beautiful.. Once a king came along, and he heard the music, and wondered about it, and sent his servants to ask him to look for the music.. He looked up and saw nothing but a little animal sitting on the tree, like a goose, on which a bird sat, and made music.. The king spoke to the servant, and said he should ask why he was here, and if he did not know the way into his kingdom. He went up the tree and said he wanted to show the way, but the king wanted to write and spread the news that he had first met him at the royal court, as soon as he had come home. I thought the king thought I could do that easily, but he didn't understand, and I could write what I wanted. So the king took a pen and wrote something on it, and when it was done, he showed the way to the king, and he came happily home.. But his daughter, when she saw him again, was so full of joy that she loved him and kissed him. He thought of Hans Mein Jgel and told her how it had been with him, and that he should have written to a strange animal if he had first met him at home, and that animal should have sat on a cock like a horse and made beautiful music; but he should not have written, because Hans Mein Jgel could not read it. The princess was glad of this and said it would be good, for she would never have gone there again.. Now it came to pass that another king came with his servants and his servants, and had gotten lost, and could not return home, because the forest was so large. If he had heard the beautiful music of the wind and spoken to his lover, it would have been well, he should have seen it once.. I saw the gockelhahn sitting on top of it .. The driver asked him if he was upstairs .. "I've lost my donkey and my pig, but what do you want?" "The runner said they'd gotten lost and couldn't get back into the kingdom, so he wouldn't show them the way".. And Hans went down from the tree with his cock, and said to the old king, that he would show him the way, if he would give him his own, and would be the first to meet him at his royal castle.. The King said yes, and signed his name to the Hans Mein Jgel, which he should have had.. When the war was over, he rode on the Göckelhahn ahead and showed him the way, and brought the king back happily into his Reich. We are very happy about this.. Now he had an only daughter, who was very beautiful, who loved him, fell on his neck and kissed him and rejoiced that her old father was back. She asked him where he had been for so long, and he told her that he had got lost and had hardly returned, but that if he had driven through a great forest, one, half a man, half a bird, half a man, would have sat on a high tree, rattling on a pipe, and made beautiful music, and helped him along and showed him the way, but that he would have promised him in return that he would meet him at the royal court first, and that she would be there, and that he would now suffer so much. And she promised him that she would gladly go with him when he came, her old father zu Liebe.. Hans Mein Jgel didn't want to live in the forest anymore, and had his father tell him to clear out all the stalls in the village, because he came with a army so big that anyone could fight, but only if they wanted to fight. His father was sad when he heard that, because he thought Hans Mein Jgel would have died long ago. Hans Mein Jgel, however, sat on his Göckelhahn, drove the Schweine vor sich her into the village, and let them slaughter; he saw a slaughter and a hacking, that man could hear two hours far. Then said Hans mein Jgel Väterchen, laßt mir meinen Göckelhahn noch einmal vor der Schmiede beschlagen, dann reit ich fort und komme mein Lebtag nicht wieder. Then the father of the Göckelhahn was besieged and was glad that Hans mein Jgel would not come back. Hans mein Jgel rode fort in the first kingdom, then the king had ordered that if one of them came on a pipe, and had a Dudelsack with him, then all should shoot him, hauen and stechen, so that he would not be in the lock. When Hans Mein Jgel therefore came, they rushed upon him with bayonets, but he gave them the spurs, flew up, over the gate before the king's window, lay down there, and called upon him to give him what he had promised, otherwise he would take him and his daughter's life. The king gave his daughter good words, she wants to go out to him, so that she may save him and herself. She chose to be white, and her father gave her a wagon with six horses and a great number of servants, money and goods. She sat down, and Hans Mein Jgel with his cock and Dudelsack beside her, then took her farewell and drove off, and the King thought he would never see her again. It was different from what he thought, because when they were a bit of the way of the city, she took Hans Mein Jgel the beautiful clothes off, and stabbed them with his Jgelhaut until they were all bloody, said "This is the pay for your falsehood, go, I don't want you", and hunted them with it to the house, and they shortened their life. Hans Mein Jgel but rode on his Göckelhahn and with his Dudelsack to the Second Kingdom, where he had also shown the King the way. But if one of them, like Hans Mein Jgel, should present the gun, bring him free, let him go, and take him to the royal castle,. When the King's daughter saw him, she was shocked, because he looked so strange, she thought it would not be otherwise, she had promised it to her father. And Hans mein Jgel was her guardian, and was her husband, and he had to go to the royal table, and she sat down at his side, and they ate and drank,. And it was evening, and they were going to sleep, for they were very much afraid of his sting: but he said, She should not fear, that no harm may befall her, and said to the old king, He should appoint four men, who should watch before the chamber door and light a great fire, and when he would go into the chamber and lay himself in bed, he would come out of his Jelshaut and lay her before the bed: then the men should quickly sprint herbs and throw them into the fire, and remain there until they were consumed by the fire. When the bell had rung eleven, he went into the chamber, and drew off the Jgelshaut, and laid her before the bed: when the men came and took her, they hurled her into the fire; and when the fire had consumed her, he was saved, and lay in the bed all shaped like a man, but he was kohlschwarz wie gebrannt. The king sent for his physician, who washed him with good ointment and balm, and made him white, and made him a fairer young man.. As the King's daughters saw, they were glad, and the next morning they rose with joy, ate and drank, and the wedding was celebrated first, and Hans mein Jgel got the kingdom of the old King. As several years went by, he went with his wife to his father and said he was his son; the father but he had not spoken, he had only one, but he would have been like a Jgel with a sting, and would have gone into the world. He gave himself to be recognized, and the old father rejoiced and went with him into his kingdom.