Hähnchen spoke to the Hühnchen jetzt is the Zeit wo die Nüsse reif werden, da wollen wir zusammen auf den Berg gehen und uns einmal recht satt essen, ehe sie das Eichhorn alle wegholt. Yes, replied das Hühnchen, komm, we wollen uns eine Lust miteinander machen. Da kommen sie zusammen fort auf den Berg, und weil es ein heller Tag war, blieben sie bis zum Abend. Now I don't know whether they had eaten so much, or whether they had become overweight, in short, they didn't want to walk home, and the chickens had to build a small wagon from the nest. When he was finished, Hühnchen sat down inside and said to the Hähnchen: "You can only go forward". "You are right", said das Hähnchen, "I better go on foot to the house, so that I can go forward".. I'll be the coachman and ride the goat, but I won't pull myself. How could you have been so strenuous, so schnatterte eine Ente daher ihr Diebsvolk, who has you taken to my Nußberg to go? Wait, that should get you bad!. But the chicken was not wrong and climbed the Ente tüchtig zu Leib, finally hacked it with his spurs so violently on her, that she a Gnade bat und sich gerne zur Strafe vor dem Wagen spannen lie. Hähnchen sat down on the Bock and war Kutscher, and on it went in a car, "Ente, lauf zu was du kannst!" When they had driven a bit of the way, they met two pedestrians, einer Stecknadel und einer Nähnadel. They shouted "Stop! Stop!" and said it would be pitch black, they couldn't take a step further, even if it was so dirty on the street, they couldn't sit down for a little while: they would have been at the Schneiderherberge before the Thor and would have been late for a beer. The chickens, being thin people, did not take up much space, so they both stepped on the steps, but they had to spread him and his chickens out, not on the feet to trample. Late in the evening they came to a hostel, and because they did not want to continue the night, which was also not good to walk and from one side to the other field, so they returned to a. The host made at first many invitations, his house was already full, thought also well he would not be a noble lord, but at last, as they had sweet speeches, he should have the one which the hen had made on the way, and the duck kept, which all the days had one leg, so he said at last they would like to stay the night.. Now let them again be freshly drawn and laid in sauce and braus. Early in the morning, when it was dark and everyone was still asleep, the chickens were awakened, the egg was taken, and they were eaten together.. Then they come to the nearest, die noch schlaf, packten sie bei Kopf, und stecken sie in das Sesselkissen des Wirths, die Stecknadel aber in sein Handtuch, endlich flogen sie, mir nichts sagte nichts, über die Heide davon. The entities, who like to sleep under the free sky, and in the court remained, heard the fort-swirl, made themselves alive, and found a stream, on which they swam; and the giant swallowed as before the wagon. A few hours later, the host first made himself of feathers, washed himself and wanted to dry himself with a towel, then put the needle over his face and made him a red streak from one ear to the other: then he went into the kitchen, and wanted to put on a pipe, but when he came to the herd, the Eierschalen sprang into his eyes. "Today morning I will have everything in my head", he said, and lay down verdrießlich auf seinen Großvaterstuhl; but in a hurry he drove again in the height, and cried "Wow!" because the Nähnadel had not stung him even worse and not in the head. Now he was very angry and suspicious of the guests who had arrived so late last night, and when he went to see them, they were very angry.. The Commission is therefore proposing to extend the scope of the Directive to include the use of the term 'common carrier' in the definition of the term 'common carrier'.