Once upon a time there was a rich man who had a servant who served him diligently and faithfully, and he was the first to get out of bed in the morning and the last to go in at night, and when there was a job to do, he always got there first.. Dabei klagte er nicht, sondern war mit allem zufrieden, und war immer lustig (I am not complaining, but I am happy with everything) and I am always happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and happy and. When his second year was over, the master gave him no wages, and thought, "This is the best, so I'll spare some, and he won't leave me, but will remain in the service". The servant kept quiet, too, that the second year was like his first, and when he had no wages at the end of the same year, he fell down and stayed no longer.. Also the third year of the war, thought the Lord, griff in the bag, holte aber nichts heraus. "I have served you three years, and I am glad to see you again". "Yes, my dear servant, you have served me well, and you will be rewarded well". "You have a penny in your pocket and three shillings in your pocket". "You have a penny in your pocket every year, and that is a much richer wage than you would have received from any other man".. Now it happened, when he came to a bush work, that a little man appeared and called him out, Brother Lustig? I see you do not take your sorrow too seriously.. "How much? Three dollars, rightly counted". "Listen", said the dwarf, "I am a poor needy man, give me your three dollars: I can't work any more, but you are young and can earn your bread easily". "And because the servant had a good heart and felt compassion for the man, so he gave him his three dollars and spoke in God's name, it will not fail me". "When the man spoke, I gave him your good heart, so I gave him three wishes, for each one of them to go to Erlangen". "Aha", said the dwarf, "you are a man of good heart, you can make your bread. Well, if there is one thing I want, firstly, a bird that all things meet, then I want it, secondly, a bird that I can touch, then I must dance, then I can hear the sound, and thirdly, if I ask a man to do something, then I must not refuse it.. He gave it to the servant and said, "Will you always be angry, no man in the world should be abused?" "Honey, what do you want now?". Soon afterwards he met a Jew with a long goat's beard, who stood and listened to the song of a bird, who sat high up in the top of a tree. "God's miracle!" he cried, "so small a thing, so powerful a voice!" "If it were mine, who could sprinkle salt on its tail?" "If it were nothing else", said the servant, "the bird should be down here bald, and the bird should be in the Dornhecken".. "Go, Spitzbub", he said to the Jew, "and get the bird out". "Me", said the Jew, "let the lord of the bubble go, so a dog will come running; I will see the bird, because you have met him once, lie down on the ground and find a place in the bush to work".. We are now in the middle of the Dorn, plagued by the will of the good Knecht, that he is his Fidel abnahm und anfieng zu geigen. The same as the Jew with the legs to lift and the height to leap: and the more the servant strikes, the better the dance. But the Dörner tore him from the shabby rock, gave him the goat's beard and stabbed and wrapped him in the whole body. "My, my", cried the Jew, "what shall I do with the Geigen! Let the Herr der Geigen, I begehre nicht zu tanzen". But the servant did not listen and thought, "You have hurt the people enough, now you must tell the Dornhecke not to do better", and he again cried out to the Jew, "that the Jew must always rise higher, and the Fetzen from his rock to the Stacheln hängen blieben". "If you are so spendable", said the servant, "I will stop playing my music, but I must tell you that you are still dancing, because it is an art; I took the bag and went on my way. The Jew stood and looked at him and kept still until the servant was far away and completely out of sight, then he cried out of his strength, "Witness, when I am alone, I will tell you that you will lose the Schsohlen: Lumpst duck, steal a Groschen insul, Ma Heller bist du und schimp, that he could only bring sixteen more worthwhile. And when he had made himself something to get good and air, he loved the city to the judge. "Herr Richter, au weih geschrieen! seht wie mich auf offener Landstraße ein gottloser Mensch beraubt und übel zugerichtet hat: ein Stein auf dem Erdboden möcht sich erbarmen: die Kleider zerfetzt! der Leib zerstochen und zerkratzt! mein bischen Armuth sammt dem Beutel genommen! lauter Dukaten, ein Stück schöner als das andere: um Gotteswillen, laßt den Menschen ins Gefängnis werfen". "Herr Richter, au weih geschrieen! seht wie mich auf offener Landstraße ein gottloser Mensch beraubt und übel zug. When he was brought before the court, he said, "I have not touched the Jew and have not taken his money, he has offered me free pieces, so that I only stopped to sing, because he could not tolerate my music". "God save me!" cried the Jew, "I catch the lies like flies on the wall".. When he was taken away, the Jew shouted to him, "You Bärenhäuter, you Hundemusikant, now you get your well-deserved wage". The servant climbed the ladder with the gallows, but turned around and said to the judge, "Give me one more request, and I will die". The judge said, "If you don't ask for your life, please let me play the violin again". The Jew took a handful of strings, "God willing, I won't let you play". The servant said, "I won't let him die". The servant said, "It's not for him to be angry, it. The Jew cried, "Bind me, bind me fast!" The good servant took his violin from his neck and put it on his right side, and as he first stroked it, the judge, the scribe, and the court-servant fell from the hand of the man who wanted to bind the Jew fast. At the second stroke, the good servant lost his legs and made himself ready to dance. At the second stroke, the good servant jumped to the height of the man who wanted to dance, and the judge and the servant of the court were the best.. Soon everything danced, and on the market came from the curiosity of the people, old and young, fat and thin people, even the dogs, who had walked with us, sat on the back feet and jumped with us.. And the longer he played, the higher the dancers jumped, that they bumped each other's heads and fought constantly to write. Finally, the judge called the judge completely out of the way, "I'll give you your life, hear only on the Geigen". The good servant let himself move, set the Geigen ab, hung her again at the neck and climbed the ladder up.. He went to the Jew who was lying on the ground and after Athem grabbed him, and said, "Spitzbube, now tell me where you got the money, or I'll take my violin off your neck and go back to play". "I've stolen, I've stolen", he shouted, "but you've earned it". So the judge had the Jew led to the gallows and hanged him like a thief.