Once upon a time, a young man who had learned the art of castle-making and had spoken to his father wanted to go out into the world and try his hand at it.. "Yes", said the father, "that's enough for me" and gave him some money for the journey.. Also zog er herum und suchte Arbeit (About the work and the work). At one time, you didn't want to follow him to the castle anymore and you didn't want to stand by him anymore either, but you had the urge to hunt. I met him on the Wanderschaft a Jäger in grünem Kleide, and asked him where he came from and where he wanted to go. He was a Schlossergesell, said der Bursch, but the trade no longer appealed to him, and he would have liked to hunt, if he had taken him as an apprentice. If you want to go with me, go with the young man, spend a few years with him and learn to hunt.. Then he wanted to try again, and the hunter gave him nothing for his wages but a windbag, which had but the property, if he used it to shoot a gun that, so hit him unfailingly. He came to the fort and came to a very large forest, from which he could not find the end in a day. "Wis Abend war, set er sich auf einen hohen Baum, damit er aus den wilden Thieren käme" (If there is a war, he will sit on a high tree, so that he can escape from the wild animals). Against midnight, I saw him, a little light shining through the sky, and he was standing there in the dark.. But he took his hat and threw it down after the light, that he might go down, when he had ascended, as if to a sign. Now climb down, get your hat off, set it on again and get your gear.. As he went on, he grew more aware of the light, and as he came nearer, he saw that it was a great fire, and sat down three giants and had an ox on the spit and let it burn. Now, I must taste the meat soon to eat it, I've ripped a piece of it and wanted to put it in my mouth, but the hunter shot it out of his hand. "Now, I spoke the Riese, "and I saw the Wind that Stück aus der Hand, "and took another. The hunter was about to shoot him again, but the hunter shot him again. The hunter shot him again, but the hunter shot him again. The hunter shot him again, but the hunter shot him again.. "The giant said, 'You must be a good shot, 'cause you can't shoot a gun, so you're useless.' 'Come here, sniper, sit down with us on the fire and eat your fill, we won't hurt you, but if you don't come, we'll take you by force, so you're lost.' 'Then the guy came to me and said, 'You're a trained hunter, and if you want to kill me with your gun, you'll be safe.'. They said if he wanted to go with them, he should have been good, and told him that in front of the forest was a great water, behind it stood a tower, and in the tower sat a beautiful king's daughter, whom they would like to rob. "Yes, I will have done it soon", he said. "But there is something else", she continued, "there is a little dog that begins to call when someone approaches, and as soon as the bell rings, everything at the royal court is waiting for it: and therefore we cannot come in; do you understand that the dog is dead?". When the giants saw this, they were delighted and thought they had found the King's daughter, but the huntsman wanted to see how the matter was settled first, and said they should stay here until he called them.. They came to the castle, and the soldiers were still there, and everyone was asleep.. Like the first room, he had a sword on the wall, a silver war, a golden star on it, and the name of the king, and on the table was a sealed letter, which he brought up, and in it stood the sword, which could have brought him all his life.. And he took the sword from the wall, and took it, and went on: and he came into the room where the king's daughter lay and slept: and she was so beautiful, that he still stood and looked at her, and the king's daughter was still sleeping.. He thought to himself, "How can I bring an innocent young woman into the arms of wild giants who have evil in their minds?" He looked further, and there stood under the bed a pair of slippers, on the right stood her father's name with a star and on the left her own name with a star.. She also had a large necklace, on the right side with gold ausgestickt, her father's name, on the left her name, all with golden letters. The huntsman took a scythe and cut off the right slipper and put it in his pants, and then he took the right slipper with the king's name and put it in. Now the young woman was still sleeping, and she was completely naked in her shirt: so he cut a little piece of the shirt and put it on the other, but that he did all without her being aware of it. Then he went to the fort and let her sleep undisturbed, and when he came back to Thor, the giants stood outside, waiting for him and thinking he would bring the King's daughter. If he called them, but they should come in, the Jungfrau would be already in his power: the Thüre could he call them but not openen, aber da wäre ein Loch, durch welchen sie kriechen müßten. Now the first came near, and the hunter of the giant wrapped her in his hand, and pulled her head in and stabbed him with his sword in one stroke, and then dragged him and killed him in the end.. Then he called the second and loved him equally the head off, and finally also the third, and was glad that he had freed the beautiful Jungfrau from her enemies and cut their tongues out and stuck them in his ranzen. I thought I'd go home to my father and show him what I've gotten, then I'd go around the world; the happiness that God has given me will reach me.. Then he went into the bedroom of his daughter, woke her up and asked who it would have been who had brought the giant to life.. She said, "Liber Vater, ich weiß es nicht, ich habe geschlafen". She got up and tried to put on her slippers, but they were cut right off, and she looked at her necklace, which was cut and missing from the right lip, and when she saw her shirt, it was torn out in a small piece.. The king summoned the whole court, soldiers and all, and asked who had freed his daughter and brought the giants to life.. Da sprach der alte König so er das vollbracht hätte, should he seine Tochter auch erben. The young woman said to her father, "I would rather go to the world than to the heir, so far as my legs carry me". The king said, "If she would not marry the young man, she should take off her royal clothes and her peasant clothes and go away; and she should go to a potter and begin to trade in ironware".. She had taken off her royal robes and gone to a potter and borrowed a piece of ironwork; she promised him that if he sold it in the evening, she would pay him back.. Now the King said she should sit in a corner with it and sell it, then ordered some farmer's wagons, which should drive through the middle, that everything would come in a thousand pieces. As the King's daughter had hung her things on the street, the wagons came and tore them to shreds.. She went to the potter and said, "Oh, God, how will I pay the potter?" The king, however, had forced her to pay the captain, so instead of going to the potter, she went back to the potter and asked him if he would lend her another loan.. He replied no, they should have paid the previous one first. And she went to her father, screaming and lamenting, and said she wanted to go to the world of hell.. He said, "I will let you build a house out in the woods, where you can sit and cook for anyone for the rest of your life, but you must not take money". When the house was finished, a sign hung in front of the door, on which was written, "Today for free, tomorrow for money".. He heard the hunter and thought, "That would be something for you, you are poor and have no money". He also took his windbags and his ranzen, in which everything was still hidden, which he had taken with him in the castle as a sign, went into the forest and found also the houses with the shield. Today for free, tomorrow for money.. He was happy about the beautiful girl, but she was also beautiful.. She asked him where he wanted her to come and he said, "I'm going to the world". She asked him where he wanted her to go and he said, "Your father's name is on it".. Fragte er ob sie des Königs Tochter wäre (The daughter of the king would be the fruit of the fruit of the king). Yes, you answered. "With this sword", he said, "I have beheaded three giants and brought out their tongues from the jaws, and then he showed her the slipper, the slipper of the necklace and the piece of the shirt".. She was so happy and said he would have laughed if he had saved her. So they went to the old king and brought him here, and she led him into her chamber and told him the huntsman was the right one who had saved her from the giants.. And when the old king saw all the signs, he could no longer doubt and said it would be his pleasure to know how everything had gone, and he should now have her also for his wife; about this the Jungfrau von Herzen was happy. So they dressed him as if he were a foreign lord, and the king had a guesthouse.. When they came to the table, the captain sat on the left side of the king's daughter, and the huntsman on the right. The captain thought it was a strange gentleman and had come to visit.. When they had eaten and drunk, the old king said to the captain that he wanted to give him something, that he should be wrong: if someone spoke he had brought three giants to life, and he would be asked, where the tongues of the giants were, and he should have seen, and were not in their heads, how the child? Then the captain said "They were not there".. Then he called his father and his mother, and they lived in joy with their son, and after the old king's death he got the Reich.