Once upon a time, a princess was very proud of her freedom, so she gave him something to think about, and when she couldn't think of anything else, she sent him a message.. She also made a lie known, who her Räthsel löste, should get married with her, und möchte kommen wer da wollte. Finally three Schneiders came together, the two oldest of whom thought they had met so many fine people, that they could not miss them, they must meet here too; the third was a little unfortunate Springinsfeld, who did not even understand his craft, but thought he must have been lucky, because where else would he have come from. The two others said to him, "Stay at home, you will not get far with your little mind". The Schneiderlein did not, however, allow himself to be fooled, and said that he had once set his head on it and wanted to help himself, and went there as if it were the whole world. All three of them reported to the princess and said that she should offer them their transport: if the right people had arrived, who had a fine mind, that one could well put him in a needle. "I have two kinds of hair on my head, what colour is that?" said the first. "If there is nothing else", said the first, "it will be black and white, like Tuch, which man calls Kümmel und Salz". said the second. "It is not black and white, so it is brown and red, like the brother-in-law of my lord". said the second. "It is brown and red, like the brother-in-law of my lord". said the third. "I see a white man, it is certainly white". said the first. "The little Schneider has a silver and a golden hair on his head, which are two. When her heart came back, she said, "So you haven't won me yet, you must still be alive, down in the stable lies a bear, with whom you shall spend the night; when I wake up in the morning, and you are still alive, you shall marry me". She thought, however, that she wanted to get rid of the Schneiderlein, because the bear had not yet left any people alive, and the bear had come to the Tatzen war. The Schneiderlein was not deterred, was quite amused, and said "freshly ventured, is half won".. The father wants to go and welcome the little guy with his father. "I'll bring you to the rest". "I'll bring you to the rest". "I'll bring you to the rest".. We've seen the sea, we've had the lust and we've had the desire. The Schneiderlein grabbed the bag and reached him with a hand; it was not a knife but a Wackerstein .. The bear put them in the mouth, but could not bring anything, he could bite as he wanted. "Hey, I thought you were a dumb Klotz! You can't even bite your nose off" and spoke to Schneiderlein "I mean, kiss my nose off". "You're such a big mouth and you can't bite your little nose off".. "I must try this thing once more", said the bear, "if I so desire, I think I must also be able". He gave him the Schneiderlein abermals Wackersteine, and the bear worked and bit out all the Leibeskräfte in. But you don 't believe that he brought her up .. As the war passed, Schneiderlein took a violin under the rock and played a little piece on it.. When the bear heard the music, he could not let it go and began to dance, and when he had danced for a while, he liked the thing so well that he spoke to Schneiderlein: "Hör, ist das Geigen schwer?" "Kinderleicht, siehst du, mit der Linke leg ich den Finger auf und mit der Rechten streich ich mit dem Bogen drauf los, da gehts lustig, hopsasa, vivallalera!" "So Geigen, spoken to the bear, I would like to understand, so that I could dance, so often I would have liked to dance!". "Will you teach me how to do it?" Von Herzen said, "If you have the skill".. But once we saw your teeth, they are very long, I must cut the nails a little. Then a screwdriver was brought, and the bear put his teeth on it, and the Schneiderlein screwed it and said, "Now wait until I come with the sheer, let the bear hum, as much as he wanted, lay down in the corner on a bundle of straw and sleep".. In the morning she stands quite unconcerned and happy, as she looks after the stable, so stands the Schneiderlein quite cheerful and healthy like a fish in water. She could not say a word more against him, for she had publicly promised him, and the king had a carriage come, in which she had to drive with the Schneiderlein to the church, and she was to be married.. As they were entering, came the two other Schneiders, who had a false heart and him sein Glück nicht gönten, in the Stall und schraubten den Bären los. The bear in the car was running behind her.. The princess heard him snorting and roaring: it was her fear, and she cried out, "The bear is behind us and will take you". The Schneiderlein was fixed, stood on its head, stretched its legs out to the window and cried out, "Do you see the Schraubstock? If you don't go, you should go back in".. Mein Schneiderlein drove quietly into the church and the princess was his handmaid, and lived with her happily like a heidlerche.. If you don't believe me, you pay a thaler.