Ein Schneidergesell traveled the world on his craft and could not find work, and the poverty was so great that he had no money.. Jn der Zeit met him on the way a Jew, and da thought er der had viel Geld bei sich and stoß Gott aus seinem Herzen, went to him los, und sprach give me dein Geld, oder ich schlage dich tot. Da sagte der Jude schenkt mir doch das Leben, Geld hab ich keins und nicht mehr als acht Heller. Der Schneider aber sprach du hast doch Geld, und das soll auch heraus, brauchte Gewalt und schlug ihn so lange bis er nah am Tod war. And as the Jew now wanted to die, he spoke the last word "the clear sun will bring it to the day!" and starb damit. Der Schneidergesell grabbed him in the bag and looked for money, but he found no more than the eight Heller, as der Jude had said. They packed him up, took him behind a bush and went on his craft.. After a long journey, he came to a town where a master of the trade had a beautiful daughter, in whom he fell in love, and married her and lived in a happy marriage.. One morning, as the man sat at the table by the window, the woman brought him coffee, and as he poured it into the Unterschale and just wanted to drink it, the sun shone on it and the Widerschein flashed above a wall so that it made her and Kringel there. The woman said, "Yes, dear man, what is that?" What do you mean? He replied, "I cannot tell you that". She said, "If you love me, you must tell me that" and gave him the best words, "no man should ever know that again, and let him have no peace".. He told me, many years ago, how he had been on the Wanderschaft, completely devastated and without money, how he had killed a Jew, and how the Jew had in his last moments of death uttered the words "the clear sun will bring the day!" Now the sun had just wanted to bring the day, and had made a wall twinkle and curl, but he had not known. And then, after they're gone, especially, they shouldn't tell anyone, otherwise, if they're alive, they'll be dead too.. When he had set to work, she went to her mother-in-law and told her the story, but she was not allowed to tell it to anyone. After three days, it was known throughout the city, and Schneider was brought before the court and sent to the. I brought it to the sunshine of the day.