Once upon a time there was a soldier who had served the king for many years: but when the war was over and the soldier could no longer serve because of the many wounds he had received, the king said to him, "You can go home, I don't need you anymore: you don't get any more money, because the only one who gets paid is the one who serves".. When the Darkness came, he saw a Light, he approached and came to a house, where a Witch lived. "Give me a night's sleep and a little food and drink", he said to her, "I'm hungry". "Oh, what?" she replied, "Who gives a lost soldier anything?. "Daß du mir morgen meinen Garten umgräbst". "The soldier will willingly work the following day with all his strength, but could not be finished before evening".. "I see well", said the witch, "that you cannot stay here tonight, but I will keep you for the night, so that you may split and cut wood for me tomorrow".. "You shall do tomorrow only a little work, behind my house is an old water-leaking fountain, in which my light has fallen, it burns blue and does not burn, that you shall bring me again".. He found the blue light and made a sign that they should pull him back up. She also took him to the heights, but when he got close to the edge, she reached down and wanted to take the blue light off him.. "No", he said, and noticed her evil thoughts, "that light I give you not sooner, as I stand with both feet on the ground". When the witch grew angry, she let him fall again into the well and went to the fort. The poor soldier fell without damage to take on the wet ground, and the blue light burned the fort, but what could help him?. He was sad for a while, but he found his bag and his gun in his pocket, and he died in the war.. "That should be your last pleasure", he thought, "so take it out, light it with a blue light and let it burn".. When the Dampf in der Höhle was brought up, a small black man stood before him and asked, "Sir, what did you order?" "What did I tell you to order?". "I must do everything", said the man, "what you want". "Well", said the soldier, "first help me out of the well". The man took him by the hand and led him through an underground passage, but he did not forget to take the blue light with him.. It showed him along the way the treasures, which the witch had brought together and hidden, and the soldier took as much gold as he could carry. When he was upstairs, he spoke to the man, "Now go, tie the old witch and bring her to court". Not long, so she came on a wild cat with a terrible scream, "fast as the wind goes by", and it lasted again not long, so the man returned, "It's all settled", he said, "and the witch is already hanging on the gallows".. "In the moment nothing", replied the soldier, "you can go home: be only at hand when I cover you". "It is nothing necessary", said the man, "if you blow your pipe and the blue light is lit, then I am right in front of you".. He goes to the best inn and gets a nice dress, then he's happy to have a room as beautiful as possible.. When the war was over and the soldier needed it, he called the black man and said, "I have served the king faithfully, but he sent me away hungry, so I will now take revenge".. Late at night when the King's daughter lies in bed, bring her here asleep, she shall be of service to me. The man said, "For me this is a light thing, but for you it is a dangerous thing, when it comes out, it will be worse". When it was twelve, the door opened, and the man dragged the King's daughter in.. "Aha, are you there?" called the soldier, "Fresh an die Arbeit! geh, hol den Besschen und kehr die Stube". When she was finished, he told her to come to his Sessel, stretched her feet towards him and said "zieh mir die Stiefel aus", threw them then in her face, and she had to lift them up, clean and make them shiny. She was, after all, her first, without any effort, dumb and with half-closed eyes.. At the first rooster's cry she took the man back to the royal castle and to her bed. The next morning, when the king's daughter had risen, she went to her father and told him that she had had a strange dream, that she had been carried through the streets in a flash and taken to the room of a soldier, to whom she had to serve as a maid and to wait and do all the common work, to return to the stubs and put on the boots.. It was only a dream, and yet I am so tired, as if I really had gotten everything. The dream could have been true, said the king, I will give you a wheel, stick your bag full of pea and make a small hole in the bag, you will be picked up again, so fall out and leave the trail on the street. When the king spoke, stand the man invisible thereby and hear everything with a. At night, as the sleeping King's Daughter again walked through the streets, she found a single black pea from the bag, but she could not make any trace, because the black pea had been scattered in all the streets.. The King's daughter, however, had to serve again until the rooster cried. The King sent out his men the following morning to look for the trail, but it was in vain, for in all the streets sat the poor children and laced the peas on and said that the night had reigned the peas. We must think of something else, said the King, keep your shoes on when you go to bed, and before you return from there, hide one of them; I will find it already. The black man heard the attack, and when the soldier evening demanded that the King should wear the peas again, he rebuked him and said against this list, "There. "I was the one who told you", answered the soldier, "and the king's daughter had to work like a maid in the third night; but before she was taken back, she hid a shoe under the bed.. He had forgotten his best in the flight, the blue light and the gold, and had only one ducat in the bag. When he was now chained and strapped to the window of his prison, he saw one of his comrades passing by.. He knocked on the window, and when he came in, he said, "You are so good and you have given me the little bundle I left in the inn, I'll give you a ducat for it".. Sobald der Soldat again allein war, steckte er seine Pfeife an und ließ das schwarze Männchen kommen (Sobald der Soldat again alone war, stuck his pipe an and let the black men come) (Sobald der Soldat again alone war, stuck his pipe an and let the black men come). "Sei ohne Furcht", he said to his master, "go where they will lead you and let everything happen, only the blue light with you". "Am anderen Tag ward Gericht über den Soldaten gehalten, und obwohl er nichts Böses getan hatte, verurteilte ihn der Richter doch zum Tode". When he was now led out, he beat the king to a last beat. Was for one?. "I may smoke a pipe on the way", replied the king, "but I do not believe that I will give you life". The soldier took out his pipe and lit it in the blue light, and like a few rings of smoke had risen, the man stood there, had a small stick in his hand, and said, "What was my lord commanded?" The false judge and her henchmen struck me to the ground, and spared not even the king, who treated me so badly.. The King was terrified, he lay down on the bed and only the life to keep gave him the soldier of the Reich and his daughter to the wife.