Three Feldschirmer travel in the world, who think their art has been learned and have come to a hostel where they want to spend the night.. Der Wirth asked where they wanted her to be and out? "We'll go to our art in the world around us". "Show me again, what you can do", said der Wirth.. The first spoke he wanted to cut his hand and heal it in the morning; the second spoke he wanted to cut his heart and heal it in the morning; the third spoke he wanted to cut his eyes and heal it in the morning. "You know that", said the host, "so you have learned". They had but one ointment, which they used to anoint themselves, which healed them together, and the bottles, which they used to carry, they carried with them constantly.. They cut off the hand, heart and eye from the body, as they had said, and laid them together on a plate and gave them to the host: the host gave them to a maiden, who should be placed in the cupboard and well-lifted. The girl had a secret treasure, a soldier.. We now have the three Feldscherer and all the people in the house asleep, and the soldier and the soldier wanted to have dinner.. And the girl shut the cupboard and brought him something, and over the great love forgot to close the cupboard, and sat down at the table with her lover, and they talked with each other.. As it was so pleasant to sit and think of no misfortune, the cat came in, found the cupboard open, took the hand of the heart and the eyes of the three Feldscherer, and loved it out.. When the soldier had finished eating and the girl had finished lifting the garment and was about to close the cupboard, he saw that the money that had been given to him was empty.. "He said, 'I'm afraid of his treasure, what will I do with the girl? ' 'The hand is strong, the heart and the eyes are strong, how will I go tomorrow morning.' 'Stay still,' he said, 'I will help you out of nowhere.' 'He's hanging a thief outside the gallows, I'll cut off his hand.' 'Which hand will you use?' 'The right hand.' 'He gave the girl a sharp knife, and he cut off the sinner's arm.'. Darauf packed her the Katze und stach ihr die Augen aus; nun fehlte nur noch das Herz. "Have you not slaughtered, and lies the Schweinefleisch nicht im Keller?" "Yes", said the girl.. "Now, that's good", said the soldier, "go down and hold a Schweineherz".. The girl put the money together on the plate and put it in the cupboard, and when her lover had said goodbye to it, she quietly went to bed.. He brought it out of the closet, and the first one held the devil's hand and covered it with his own oil, and then he was grown. The second took the cat's eyes and healed her: the third made the swineherd's feast. The host, however, stood by, admired her art and said he had never seen anything like it, and he wanted to recommend her to everyone.. The first thing that I want to say is that I think that the European Union is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution, and that it is a very important institution,. The others wanted to hold him back at the Rockschlippen, but that half nothing, he riß sich los und lieb hin, where der dickste Unrath lag. The second also behaved strangely, rolled his eyes and said to the others, "Comrade, what is this? These are not my eyes, I see nothing, but leave me one, lest I fall". They went with him to another inn, where they stayed until evening.. They sat in the host's room, in a corner, with a rich man at table and a lot of money.. The man with the dead hand came to him, and took a few with his arm, and finally, as the man loved him, he grabbed him in the hand and took a handful of money out.. The one saw and spoke Kamerad, what machst du? Stealing darfst du nicht, scham dich! Ei, he said, was kann ich dafür! es zuckt mir in der Hand, ich muss zugreifen, ich mag wollen oder nicht. They lay down after sleeping, und wie sie da liegen, ists so finster, dass man keine Hand vor Augen sehen kann. Once the cat's eyes were opened, the other was awakened and said, "Brother, look once again, see the white girls running around". The two looked up, but could not see anything.. He said, "If it's not right with us, we haven't gotten our money back, we must go back to the host, who has betrayed us". So they went back the next morning and told the host they hadn't gotten their money back, one of them was a thief, the other a cat, and the third a pig.. The host said that the girl must be guilty and wanted to call it, but as the three had come to see, he had run away to the rear gate, and never came back. They said he should give them a lot of money, otherwise they'd let him fly the red hen over to the house. They gave him what he had and only what he could afford, and the three of them went with it.. It was enough for her to live, but she would rather have her right job.