The brother took his sister's hand and said, "Since mother is dead, we have no good hour anymore. The step-mother beats us every day, and when we come to her, she supports us with her feet".. The hard bread crust, the leftovers, are our food, and the little dog under the table is better:. "God have mercy on us, if our mother knew! Come, we will go together into the wide world. They went all day over fields, fields and stones, and when it rained, said the sisters. God and our hearts weep together! At night they came to a great forest and were so tired of sorrow, hunger and the long way, that they sat down in a hollow tree and fell asleep. And in the morning, when they woke up, the sun was already rising in the sky and seemed to be hot in the tree.. I'm going to go and drink once, I mean, I hear somebody's talking. I'm going to get up, I'm going to take my sister by the hand, and they're going to ask me to go and drink.. The wicked stepmother was a witch and had seen the children go, had slept with them, had cursed all the wells in the forest.. When they found the little well that had sprung so brightly from the stone, the brothers wanted to drink from it, but the sister heard the voice of the voice saying, 'Whoever drinks from me, becomes a tiger.' When they heard the voice of the sisters, they said, 'I beg you, brothers, do not drink, or you will become a wild beast and a wild beast.' When they heard the voice of the brother, they said, 'Whoever drinks from me, becomes a wolf.' When they heard the voice of the sisters, they said, 'Whoever drinks from me, becomes a wolf.' When they heard the voice of the brother, they said,. "I'll never leave you again". "Then I'll tie a golden string around your neck and break a soft rope".. Daran banded with the Thierchen and led them on, and went deeper and deeper into the forest.. And when they had walked a long long way, they came at last to a little house, and the girl looked in, and because it was dark, thought it was here we could stay and live. She sought it out and gathered roots, berries and nuts, and for the reindeer brought it out and gathered grass, which she took from her hand, and enjoyed and played before her herum. In the evening when the sisters were tired and his prayer had been said, he laid his head on the back of the beds, which was his kiss, on which he gently fell asleep. And had the brothers only had their human form, it would have been a glorious life.. It is true, however, that the King of the Land held a great hunt in the forest. The sound of the horn, the dog bell and the funny cry of the hunter through the trees and the reindeer heard it and would have liked to have been there. "Oh, I spoke to my sister, let me out in the hunt, I can no longer endure, and I'll fight so long, until it's agreed. But, he said to him, come to me again in the evening, before the wild hunters, I close my door, and so that I may know you, knock and tell my sister, let me in, and if you do not speak, I close my door, not to open. Now the king sprang out, and war so well and war so lustig in freier Luft. The King and his hunters saw the beautiful beast and set off after it, but they could not catch it, and if they thought they had it, they jumped it over the Gebusch away and the war disappeared. When it was dark, he went to the house, knocked and said, "My sister, let me in". When the door was opened, he went in and slept all night on his soft couch.. The next morning the hunt began again, and when the fox heard the hüfthorn and the ho, ho! the hunter, he had no rest, and said, "Schwesterchen, mach mir auf, ich muss hinaus". The sister opened the door and said, "aber zu Abend musst du wieder da sein und dein Sprüchlein sagen". When the king and his hunter saw the fox with the golden collar again, they all chased after him, but it was too fast and too fast for them.. The whole day had passed, but at last the hunters had surrounded us, and one of them was a little wounded at the foot, so that he had to lie down and slowly recover.. I went to the house and heard a man call out to me, "Sister, let me in!" And I saw the door open and the door shut again.. The hunter kept all that well in mind, went to the king and told him what he had seen and heard. The king said, "Tomorrow we shall be hunted again". The sister was greatly shocked when she saw that her brother was wounded.. It was washed him of the blood, laid Kräuter auf und sprach geh auf dein Lager, lieb Rehchen, dass du wieder heil wirst. The wound was so slight, aber so gering, dass das Rehchen am Morgen nichts mehr davon spürte. And when it heard the Jagdlust again outside, it said: "I can't stand it, I must be there; so soon shall me nobody kriegen". The sister cried and said: "Now they will kill you, and I am here alone in the forest and am abandoned by all the world: I will not let you out".. When the King saw it, he said to his hunters, "Now I will hunt him all day long until night, but no one will harm him". As soon as the sun went down, the King said to the hunter, "Now come and show me the Waldhauschen". And when he was in front of the Thürlein, he knocked and called, "Lieb Schwesterlein, laß mich hier rein".. The girl was shocked to see that not a girl but a man had come in with a golden crown on his head.. But the King looked kindly at her, held her hand and said, "Will you go with me to my castle and be my beloved wife?" "Yes", answered the girl, "but the queen must also go with me, which I will not do". The King said, "She shall remain with you as long as you live, and nothing shall be wanting to her".. But the evil stepmother, who had been born to bring children into the world, meant nothing less than that her sister would be torn apart by wild beasts in the forest and her brother shot to death by hunters.. When she heard that they were so happy and had so much success, she was filled with envy and resentment, and she had no other idea how to bring them both to their doom.. Your right daughter, who was as beautiful as the night, and had only one eye, who made her a whisper and said, "To be a queen, happiness would have been my lot". If you were still, said the old woman and said she was satisfied, "When the time is right, I will be with you".. In the bathroom, however, they had made a right hellfire, so that the beautiful young queen soon had to suffocate. When that was accomplished, the old woman took her daughter, put a hood on her, and laid her in bed in the queen's bed. She also gave her the form and the appearance of a queen, but the lost eye she could not give her again.. But to avoid the King's notice, she had to lie down on the side where she had no eye. In the evening, when he came home and heard that a son was born to him, he was glad to see him, and wanted to go to his beloved wife's bed and see what she had done. The king went back, not knowing that a false queen was in bed, but at midnight, when all was asleep, he saw the child-woman sitting alone in the nursery beside the bed, waiting as the door opened, and the true queen entered.. She took the child from the cradle, placed it in her arms and gave him to drink. Then she shook him in her kiss, put him back in and decked him with the deckbettchen.. She also forgot to take the reins, went into the corner where he was lying, and stroked him over the back. Then she went out again to the door, and the child-mother asked the next morning the guards if anyone had gone to the castle during the night, but they answered, "No, we have seen no one". So she came for many nights and never spoke a word; the child-mother saw her always, but she dared not tell anyone anything about it.. "Oh, my God, what is that? I will be watching the children next night". "At midnight, the Queen appeared again and said, 'What makes my child? What makes my child?' "Now I come again and then never again".. The king did not dare to be invited, but he waited until the following night.. She spoke again, "What makes my child? What makes my king? Now I come again this time and then never again". The king could not hold back, sprang to her and said, "You can be no other than my beloved wife". She answered, "Yes, I am your beloved wife", and had at that moment, by God's grace, regained her life, fresh, red and healthy.. Then she told the king the crime that the wicked witch and her daughter had committed.. The king had them both brought before the court, and the verdict was given to them.. The daughter was led into the forest, where she was torn to pieces, the witch was set on fire and had to be burned.. And when she was burnt to ashes, the Rehkälbchen changed and regained its human form; but the Schwesterchen and Brüderchen lived happily together until their end.