There were three handyman boys who had been invited on their wanderings to stay together and work in one city.. But at a certain time they found no merit in their masters, so that they were finally completely abhorred and had nothing to live for.. "What shall we do?" said one of them. "We can't stay here any longer, we want to wander again, and if we don't find work in the city we're coming to, we'll tell the hostess that we'll write to him where we're staying, and one of us can have news from the other, and then we'll leave".. They're going to the fort, they're going to the road, a rich man dressed in black, asking who they are.. "We are craftsmen and seek work: we have kept together until now, but if we find no more, we will part. " "That has no meaning", said the man, "if you want to do what I tell you, you shall not lack money and work; you shall become great masters and ride in coaches".. The devil said, "Give yourselves to peace, it is not for yourselves, but for another soul, who is already half mine, and whose money is only to be paid in full". Because they were not sure, they agreed, and the devil told them what he wanted, the first should answer all three questions, the second money, the third war and the right. They should always say this behind each other, but further they should not speak a word, and they should not transgress the command, so it would be as if all money had disappeared: so long as they obeyed, their pockets should always be full. At first he gave them as much as they could carry, and told them to go to the city in the inn and the host house.. They came in, the Wirt came to meet them and asked, "Do you want something to eat?" The first one answered, "All three".. The third and the last war, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right, the right,. Es ward ihnen nun gut Essen und Trinken gebracht, und wohl aufgewartet (food and drink brought to them, and well maintained). After the meal, the payment had to be made, so the host kept the bill for one of them, and said, "We'll pay all three", the second "is money", the third "and that's right". "Freedom is right", said the host, "all three pay, and without money I can't give anything".. The guests saw that and said, "People must be tough". "Yes, they are", said the host, "they're not very smart". So they stayed in the hostel for a while and said nothing.. It was true that a great merchant came with a great deal of money, and said, "Mr. Wirth, have you got my money?". When he put the coat in his suitcase, he felt that it was heavy with gold.. The three craftsmen were given a place in the warehouse, but the merchants were taken up to a special room.. When midnight came and the host thought they were all asleep, he came with his wife, and they had a wood axe and beat the rich merchant to death; after the murder was completed they lay down to sleep again. Wies nun Tag war, gabs großen Lärm, der Kaufmann lag todt im Bett und schwamm in seinem Blut (The war is now over, the noise is great, the Kaufmann is dead in his bed and is drowning in his blood). The host then called them and said to them, "Have you killed the merchant?" The first one said, "We have killed the merchant". The second one said, "We have killed the money".. "Da hört ihr nun", spake der Wirth, "sie gestehens selber". "They were also brought to prison, and should be judged. "We are all three. Why have you killed the merchant? " "Ums Geld". "Jhr Bösewichter", said the judge, "Have you not been saved from sin?" "Und das Recht". "They have known and are still halsstarrig".. As they were now being taken by the executioners and led up to the scaffolding, where the executioners with only swords stood, a carriage with four blood-red flames was suddenly seen, and the fire sprang from the stones, from the window but winked one with a white cloth. The Scharfrichter spoke of Gnade, and also of Gnade!. The devil came out, as a very noble gentleman, dressed in fine clothes and said, "Three of you are innocent; you may now speak, tell me what you have seen and heard". The elder said, "We have not killed the merchant, the murderer is standing in the crease and is being taken to the innkeeper". The elder said, "We have not killed the merchant, the murderer is standing in the crease and is being taken to the innkeeper". The elder said, "The mark of the beast is in his cellar, and many others are still hanging there". The judge sent the servants to the innkeeper, who found him, told him. Da sprach der Teufel zu den drei Now I have the soul, which I wanted to have, but you are free and have money for your lifetime.