Once an armed servant girl was driving her master through a great forest, and when they were in the middle of it, robbers came out of the thicket and murdered whomever they found.. They all came together to see the girl, who had jumped out of the car and hid behind a tree. As the robbers with their booty were strong, treated herbei und sah das große Unglück. Da fieng is an bitterlich zu weinen and sagte was soll ich arme Mädchen nun anfangen, ich weiß mich nicht aus dem Wald heraus zu finden, keine Menschenseele wohnt darin, so muss ich gewiß verhungern. Es kam herum, suchte einen Weg, konnte aber keinen finden. When it was evening, he sat down under a tree, prayed to God, and wanted to sit and not go away, wanted to happen was always wanted. When he had sat down for a while, a white taubchen flew to him and had a small golden key in his beak.. The key put it in his hand and said "See there the big tree, there is a small lock, that closes with the key, so you will find enough food and not suffer hunger anymore". Then he went to the tree and locked it and found milk in a small bowl and white bread for Einbrocken, so that he could eat his fill. When it was time to go home, he said, "I'm so tired, I can go back to bed". When the pigeon flew back, he brought another golden key to the door and said, "Close the tree up there, so you'll find a bed". He closed it up and found a beautiful little bed.. "The morning came the taubchen for the third time, brought back a key and said, 'Shut the tree, you will find the dress.' "And as it closed, she found the dress covered in gold and precious stones, so beautiful, like no king's daughter".. It was also a long time ago that I was in love with you every day and cared for everything, and it was a quiet, good life.. I'll take you to a little house, I'll go in, in the middle of the herd, an old woman will sit and say, "Guten Tag".. But if you give her a body, she may start whatever she wants, but go to her right hand, there is a door, which opens, so you will come into a room, where a lot of rings all kinds of art on the table, underneath are splendid with glittering stones, which let her lie and look for a light, which must also be underneath, and bring it to me, so you can swiftly.. "Where is the door?" she called and fastened it to the rock and wanted to keep it, "This is my house, no one may enter unless I have not come". But the girl remained silent, made herself go and went straight into the room.. There was now on the table an over-sized multitude of rings, which glittered and gleamed before his eyes: he cast them around and searched for the rings, but could not find them. How it was so sought, how it was the old woman, how she therefore had a schlich and a Vogelkäfig in der Hand and with that fort wanted. She came to her and took the cage from her hand, and as she lifted it up and saw a bird in it, she had the schlichting ring in her mouth.. He took the ring and went out to the house, and thought the white rabbit would come and get the ring, but he didn't.. It was a tree and wanted to wait on the table, and as it stands, it was as if the tree were soft and flexible and had fallen into its own hands.. And once the branches had fused around him, and were two arms, and as it was a dream, was the tree a handsome man, who embraced and warmly kissed and said "You have redeemed me and freed me from the violence of the ancients, who are a wicked witch. She had turned me into a tree, and every day for a few hours I was a white dove, and as long as she had the ring, I could not regain my human form. There were also his servants and horses of the free magic, which she had also turned into trees, and stood beside him.. They went to the fort in his Reich, because he was a king's son, and they married and lived happily.