There was a man who had three sons and nothing in his estate but the house in which he lived.. Now everyone would have liked to have had the house after his death, but the father was as fond of one as the other, if he had not known how to begin, that he would not be too close to it; he would not have sold the house either, because of his ancestors' war, otherwise he would have gotten the money under it. Da fiel ihm endlich ein Rath ein and er sprach zu seinen Söhnen Go into the world and try to learn each his craft, When you then return, whoever makes the best masterpiece, he shall have the house. These were the sons zufrieden, und der älteste wanted ein Hufschmied, der zweite ein Barbier, der dritte aber ein Fechtmeister werden. They decided to meet again at a certain time, and they went to the fort.. It happened also, that each one found a competent master, where he was rightly taught. The smith must have beaten the king's horse and thought, "Now can't say no, you've attacked the house". The barber shaved off the lord's name and thought the house would be gone.. The Fechtmeister got a few hits, but the teeth were not broken, because he thought to himself, "If you're afraid of a hit, you'll never get home again". When the time came for the fight, they came to their father again, but they didn't know how to find the best opportunity to show their art, so they sat together and were beaten.. I'm going to have to go back to the office.. "He", said the barber, "who comes as he is called, "takes the Becken und Seife, schaumte so lange, bis der Hase in die Nähe kam, dann seifte er ihn in vollem Laufe ein, und rasierte ihm auch in vollem Laufe ein Stutzbärtchen, und dabei schnitzt er ihn nicht und dass ihm an Keinem Haar weh" "He is not a man of the world, he is a man of the world, he is a man of the world, he is a man of the world, he is a man of the world, he is a man of the world, he is a man of the world, he. "As I like it", said the father, "if the others do not attack violently, so is your house".. "Now you must see, Father, what I can do", said the blacksmith, leaping from the wagon, and riding the horse, that in a strong chase, the four horses ab and struck him also in the chase four new again. "You are a good man", said the father, "you do your business as well as your brother; I don't know to whom I should give the house". Said the third, "Father, let me tell you once more, because it was raining, he took his snow and hung it on a cross over his head so that not a drop fell on it.. When the father saw it, he was astonished and said, "You have made the best masterpiece, the house is yours". The other two brothers were satisfied with it, as they had promised before, and because they loved each other so much, they all three stayed together in the house and tried their craft; and since they had learned so well and were so skilled, they earned a lot of money.. So they lived happily together until old age, and when one of them got sick and died, the other two were so angry that they too got sick and died.. And because they were so clever and had such love for each other, they were all laid in a tomb.