It was a great war, and the king had many soldiers, but few sold, so that they could not live on it.. I'm not sure I'm ready to go.. "If we are caught, we will hang on the gallows". "How will we do?" "We will see the great cornfield there", "If we are not hidden, no one will find us".. They were in the corn for two days and two nights and were so hungry that they were almost dead: they came out, but they were certain of death. They said, "If you don't help us escape, we'll die here in misery". Then a fiery dragon flew through the air, and approached them and asked them why they had hidden.. They answered: "We are three soldiers, and are saved because our soldiers are weak: now we must die here of hunger, if we remain lying, or we must hang on the gallows, if we go out". "Will you serve me seven years", said the dragon, "so I will lead you in the midst of the Lord, that no one should come between you?" "We have no choice and must accept it".. He gave them a small whip and said, "Whip and you will be beaten with it, so so much money will jump around you as you wish: you can then live like a great lord, keep horses and drive in carriages: after the seven years, you are mine". Then he handed them a book, in which they all had to sign.. "But I will give you", he said, "first a rope, then you can do it, then you shall be free and let go of my power". "Then the dragon flew from them, and they with their whip, had money in abundance, let themselves be clothed in robes, and were carried about the world".. Where they were, they lived in joy and glory, rode with horses and carriages, as they were, and drunken, that but nothing bad. The time passed quickly, and as the seven years came to an end, two were filled with fear and terror, the third but took the light on his shoulder and said, "Brother, fear nothing, I am not fallen on the head, I miss the wheel".. I'm an old woman, so I wonder why you're so sad. "Ah, what lies you there, you can't help us yet". "Who knows?" she replied, "Trust me only your sorrow". "If they told you they had been the Devil's servants for almost seven years, they would have given you money as he did, they would have written to him, and would have fallen for him, if they could not unlock a cart after seven years".. The old woman said, "If you are to be helped, one of you must go into the forest, and he will come to a fallen rock wall, which looks like a house, in which he must enter, and then he will find help". The two sad dachten, "that will not save us, but will not save us", and remained sitting, the third, however, made fun of it, and went so far into the forest, until he found the rock hut.. In the house, however, sat an old woman, the devil's grandmother, and asked him where he came from and what he wanted.. He told her everything that had happened in the war, and because he liked her, she took pity on him and said she wanted to help him.. She put a big stone on the floor above a cellar, and said, "Hide yourself, you can hear everything that is said here, sit still and do not move: when the dragon comes, I will ask him about the carriage: he tells me everything; and then he answers me".. The grandmother decked the table and brought drinks and food, so that he was pleased, and they ate and drank together. And she asked him in conversation how the day had gone, and how many souls he had received. "It didn't seem right to me today", she replied, "but I have packed three soldiers, who are safe with me". "Yes, three soldiers", she said, "they have something on them, who can't tell you or escape". "They are mine", said the devil, "and I'm giving them a ride that they can never ride again". "Was that for a ride?" she asked.. "I will tell you this: in the great North Sea lies a dead sea cat, that shall be her brother, and from a wallfish the rib, that shall be her silver Löffel, and from an old horse-foot, that shall be her wine glass".. "Have you also taken everything well into account?" "Yes", he said, "I know enough and will help me already".. He told them how the devil of the old grandmother had been overlisted and how he had named the solution of the riddle of him. They were all happy and good things, took the whip and beat themselves so much money that it sprang up all over the earth. When the seven years were completely over, the Devil came with the book, showed the signatures and said, "I will take you with me to Hell, so you should have a meal: if you can think of me, what you will eat for a brother, you will be free and free and you will be able to keep the little pig". The first soldier in the Great North Sea lay a dead sea cat, which will be the brother's property. The Devil made a mistake, made himself a fool. The second was to be a wolf's whelp. The last one was to be a wallfish's rib, which was to be our silver fowl's whelp. The Devil cut