At a time when wishes had not helped, a king's son was cursed by an old witch to sit in a large iron furnace in the forest.. They brought him many years to, and could not him no one redeem. Once a king's daughter went into the forest and could not find her father's kingdom again. For nine days she went there and stood before the Iron Castle.. A voice came out and asked her, "Why have you come here, and where do you want to go?" She answered, "I have lost my father's kingdom and cannot return to my home".. I am a bigger king's son than you are a king's daughter, and I will marry you. She was terrified, and thought, "God, what shall I do with the iron furnace?". He said, "You must come back, with a knife and a hole in your iron". Then he gave her to one of his companions, who came to him and said, "You must not come back".. Now there was great joy in the castle, when the King's daughter returned, and the old King gave her a hug and kissed her. She was very sad and said, "My father, how he has gone! I would not have come home from the great wild forest, if I had not come to an iron furnace, to which I had to sign a contract that I wanted to return to him, redeem him and marry him".. They also beat the Müllerstochter, who was beautiful, and wanted to take her place; they led her out, gave her a knife, and told her to go to the Iron Furnace.. She was gone for four and twenty hours, but couldn't bring her back.. "I don't want to be outside". She replied, "I don't want to be outside either, I mean, I hear my father's fine memories". "So you're a miller's daughter, then go out and let the king's daughter come".. The old king and his daughter wept. They had but one Schweinehirttochter, who was not more beautiful than the Müllerstochter, and they wanted to give her a piece of money, so that she could go to the iron furnace for the Königstochter. She was also taken out and had to be scraped for 24 hours; she brought nothing but. "So you are a pig-herder's daughter, go straight and let the king's daughter come, and tell her that what I promised her must happen to her, and if she does not come, everything in the kingdom must fall and fall, and no stone on the wall must remain dark".. She took her father's farewell, stuck a knife in his hand and went to the iron furnace in the woods outside. As she had just arrived, she had been scrapped and the iron had been taken, and as two hours had passed, she had already made a small hole. And she looked in and saw a youth so beautiful, but, the gleam in gold and precious stones, that he felt right in her soul. Now they've scraped it further and made the lake so big that it could be drained out.. He said, "You are mine and I am yours, you are my bride and you have redeemed me". He wanted to take her with him into his kingdom, but she fought to be allowed to go to her father again, and the king's son allowed her to do so, but she should not speak to her father again for more than three words, and then she should come back.. And when she came home, she spoke no more than three words: she disappeared as soon as the iron furnace was opened, and was carried far away over the mountains of glass and the sharp sword; but the king's son was freed, and was no longer imprisoned in it.. Then she took leave of her father and took some money with her, but not much, went back into the great forest and searched for the iron furnace, but the war was not to be found. Nine days she searched, and her hunger was so great that she knew not to help herself, for she had nothing more to live for.. And when it was evening, she sat down on a small tree and thought about bringing the night in, because she was afraid of the wild animals. When midnight came, she saw a small light and thought, "If I'm saved, I'll climb the tree and go to the light, but better yet, I'll go to the light".. They came to a little old house, and the old grass grew, and they stood in front of a little old house.. I thought she was coming here! She looked in through the window, and saw nothing in it but a table, beautifully decorated with wine and bread, and silverware and cups.. I took her heart and knocked her out. "Hutzelbein, Hutzelbeins Hündchen, hutzel hin und her, let the wind see who's outside".. As they entered, they were all welcomed, and they had to sit down.. They asked her where she was going, and she told them how she had gone, and that because she had transgressed the commandment, not to speak more than three words, the fire had gone out before the king's son, and that she had searched so long and wandered over mountains and valleys until she found him.. He spoke the old Dicke Jungfer grün und klein, Hutzelbein, Hutzelbeins Hündchen, hutzel hin und her, bring me the big Schachtel her. He came the little one and brought the Schachtel herbeigetragen. Afterwards they gave her food and drink, and brought her to a beautifully made bed, which was like silk and velvet, and she lay down in it and slept in the Name of God. When the day came, she got up, and gave her the old woman three needles from the big box, which she should take with her; they would be necessary to her, because she must cross a high glass mountain and three sharp swords and a great water: if she did so, she would regain her beloved. The Commission has therefore decided to initiate the procedure laid down in Article 93 (2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union in respect of the application of the provisions of the Treaty on European Union to the measures referred to in Article 93 (2) of the Treaty on the Functioning of the European Union.. So she went up, and as she came to the glass mountain, which was so smooth, she put the three needles behind her feet, and then forward again, and went over it, and when she was over it, she put it in a place that she took in good consideration.. Then she came before the three cutting swords, and she sat on her pflugrad and rolled over. Finally they came to a large water, and as they had crossed the river, they entered a large and beautiful castle.. She came in and held a service, she was a poor servant and wanted to be happy; she knew, however, that the King's son was drunk, whom she had rescued from the iron furnace in the great forest. Also known as "Küchenmädchen für geringen Lohn". Now the King's son had another one on his side, who wanted to inherit, because he thought she had long since died. In the evenings, when she had washed and finished her war, she felt in the bag and found the three Nüsse, which she had given the old Jtsche. The only thing that is important is that the king is proud of his royal dress.. The bride heard, and she held the dress and wanted to buy it, and said, "It is not a dress for a servant girl". She said, "No, she doesn't want to sell it, but if she wants to buy something, she should have it, namely, a night in her bridegroom's room to sleep".. The bride allowed it her, weil das Kleid so schön war und sie noch keins so hatte. "If you are not satisfied, I will also talk to you".. She gave the man a glass of wine, in which she had gotten a sleeping drink. And they both went to the chamber to sleep, and he slept so soundly that she could not wake him.. She cried all night and cried I have rescued you from the wild forest and from an iron furnace, I have searched for you and have gone over a glass mountain, over three sharp swords and over a great water, before I found you, and you still won't hear me. The servants sat in front of the Stubenthüre and listened as she cried all night and cried in the morning to her Lord. And when she had washed her clothes the other night, she went to the second wedding, and there was another beautiful dress in it; and when the bride saw it, she wanted to buy it too.. But money would not let the girl sleep in the bridegroom's chamber. The bride gave him but a sleeping drink, and he slept so fast, that he could hear nothing. The kitchen maid cried all night, and cried, "I have rescued you from a forest and from an iron furnace, I have searched for you and have gone over a glass mountain, over three sharp swords and over a great water, before I found you, and you still won't hear me". The servants sat in front of the Stubenthüre and listened as she cried all night, and told her Lord. And when she had washed up on the third evening, she was naked on the third, and was dressed in a more beautiful dress, the star of pure gold.. The bride saw, she wanted to have it, the girl but gave it only to her, when it was the third time she should sleep in the bridegroom's chamber. The King's son is to be housed and let the sleeping trunk pass by.. As she began to cry and to cry, "Dearest, I have saved you from the cruel wild forest and from an iron furnace", the King's son sprang up and said, "You are the right one, you are mine, and I am yours". So he sat down in a carriage with her that night, and the false bride took her clothes away so that she could not stand up.. When they came to the great water, they sailed over it, and before the three cutting swords, they sat on the Pflugrad, and before the glass mountain, they stuck the three needles in it. So they reached the old little houses, but as they entered, there was a big castle: the Jtschen were all freed and lauter Königskinder and were in full joy. She was kept in the Vermählung, and she remained in the castle, which was much bigger than her father's castle.. But the old man was sorry that he should be left alone, so they went and took him to themselves, and had two kingdoms and lived in good estate.