In a village there lived a man and a woman, and the woman was so lazy that she always refused to work: and when her husband gave her the spinning wheel, she did not finish it, and when she did spin, she did not hurry, but left everything on the spinning wheel.. She called the man, so she was with her Maul doch vorn, und sprach, "Wei, wie soll ich haspeln, da ich habe kein Haspeln, geh du erst in den Wald und schaff mir einen". "If there is any wood", said the man, "so will I go into the forest and fetch Haspelholz".. She asked for a biscuit, and she fell in love with a man, and she went to the forest.. He climbed up a tree, and the wood was cut out and he went to the forest, where he could not see it, and he cried up. The man heard the axe, laid it down for a while, and thought what it would have meant.. "He was", he spoke at last, "what will have been!" "He had heard it in his ears, and had no need to fear". "He also grabbed the axe from above and wanted to go down, and called again from below". "Who has the wood up, who dies, who has the wood up".. But after a while, his heart came back, and he wanted to go for the third time after the ax and wanted to go home.. But when the third man heard the voice and spoke according to the wood of the tree, he died, and the wood was destroyed. He had had enough, and all his lust was gone, so that he eventually climbed down the tree and made his way home.. Die Frau lieb, was sie konnte, auf Nebenwegen, damit sie eher nach Haus k채me. How he now in the Stube trat, that she innocent, as if nothing had happened, und sagte nun, bringst du ein gutes Haspelholz? No,  sprach er, ich sehe wohl, es geht mit dem Haspeln nicht,  erz채hlte ihr war war war war war und lie sie von nun an damit in Ruhe. Bald hernach fieng der Mann doch wieder an sich 체ber die Unordnung im Haus zu 채rgern. "Woman", he said, "it is a shame that the spinning yarn on the crochet remains. "You know what?" she said, "when we come to a ball, you stand on the ground and I'll stand below, then I'll tell you to throw the crochet up, and you throw it down, so you give me a rope".. The woman was again anxious, she spoke black, we would like to cook tomorrow morning, but thought of another strike.. Early in the morning she got up, made a fire and put the kettle on, but instead of the yarn she put a lump of wood in it, and let it cook forever.. Then she went to the man, who was still in bed, and said to him, "I must go out once, but you must go in time, give me your attention, for where the rooster crows, and you do not see, the garment will be burned". The man was at the hand, and did not want to miss anything, so he went out quickly, and went into the kitchen.. When he came to the Kessel and saw it, he saw nothing but a lump of wood.. The poor man was still silent, thinking he had been wronged and would be guilty of it and spoke in future of no more garn and spinning.. But you must say yourself, she was a brave woman.