Once upon a time, a man and a woman had long desired to have a child. At last, the woman hoped that God would grant her wish.. The people had in their backyard a small window, from which one could see into a magnificent garden, full of the most beautiful flowers and herbs; it was surrounded by a high wall, and no one dared to go in, because he had heard of a sorceress, who had great power and was feared by the whole world. One day the woman stood at the window and looked down into the garden, and saw a beet planted with the most beautiful Rapunzels, and it looked so fresh and green that she wished to be there and had the greatest desire to eat them.. The desire took every day to, and she knew that she could not get any of it, so she fell completely, saw blaze and misery out. When the man was frightened and asked what was wrong, he replied, "If I don't find a Rapunzel in the garden behind our house to eat, I'll die". The man who loved her thought, "If you let your wife die, you'll get her from the Rapunzel, and it may cost you anything".. She made herself instantly Salat daraus and sat in full Begierde auf. They had her but so gut, so gut geschmackt, dass sie den anderen Tag noch dreimal so viel Lust bekam. Should they have rest, so musste der Mann noch einmal in den Garten steigen. He made himself also in the Abenddämmerung wieder hinab, als er aber die Mauer herabgeklettert war, erschreck er gewaltig, denn er sah die Zauberin vor sich stehen He made himself also in the Abenddämmerung wieder hinab, as he aber die Mauer herabgeklettert war, erschreck er gewaltig, denn he saw the Zauberin vor sich stehen He made himself also in the Abenddämmerung wieder hinab, as he aber die Mauer herabgeklettert war, erschreck er gewaltig, denn he saw the Zauberin vor sich stehen. "How can you dare?" she said with a wrathful look, "in my garden to climb and how a thief to steal my Rapunzel? that should get you badly". "Ah", he replied, "let the grace for the right go, I have only decided to do nothing: my wife has seen your Rapunzel from the window, and feels such a great joy that she would die if she did not eat it".. It shall go well with him, and I will care for him like a mother. The man said in the angst alles zu, and when the woman in weeks came, so appeared immediately the witch, gave the child the name Rapunzel and took it with her. Rapunzel was the most beautiful child under the sun. When it was twelve years old, the sorceress was locked in a tower, there in a wall, and had no stairs or door, only a small window at the top.. If the sorceress wanted to come in, she would stand there and shout "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let me have your hair". Rapunzel had long, beautiful hair, fine as gold.. When she heard the voice of the witch, she tied her hair loose, wrapped it on a window handle, and then she let her hair fall down twenty inches, and the witch climbed up. After a few years it became clear that the son of the king had ridden through the forest and had come over the tower.. I heard a song, so lovely, that I still remember it. The war Rapunzel, die in ihrer Einsamkeit sich die Zeit damit vertrieb, ihre süße Stimme erschallen zu lassen She was born in the year of the wolf. The King's son wanted to climb up and look for a door to the tower, but he couldn't find it.. He went home, but the song had touched his heart so much that he went out into the woods every day and listened to it.. When he once stood behind a tree, he saw that a witch was coming and heard her call upstairs "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let your hair down".. "Just as the ladder on which man comes up, so will I once again try my luck". "And the next day, when it began to be dark, he went to the tower and cried, 'Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair.' "Alsbald threw the hair down and the King's son went up". "Initially, Rapunzel was terrified as a man came to her, as her eyes had never seen one before, but the King's son spoke to her kindly and told her that her heart had been so moved by her song that he had not been allowed to rest, and he himself had to see her".. Da lost Rapunzel her fear, and when he asked her if she would take him for her husband, and she saw that he was young and beautiful, so she thought "who will have me rather than the old Frau Gothel", and said yes and put her hand in his hand. She said, "I'd like to go with you, but I don't know how I can come here".. If you come, bring me a strange silk, and I'll bend a ladder, and when you're ready, I'll come down and you'll take me on your horse.. The witch didn't know anything about it, until once Rapunzel came and said to her "Tell me, Frau Gothel, how it is, she will pull me up much harder, when the young King's son is with me in a moment". "Oh, you godless child", she called the witch, "what must I hear from you, I thought I had known you from all the world, and you have betrayed me!". And she was so merciless that she brought poor Rapunzel to a Wüstenei, where she had to live in great sorrow and misery. But the same day, when she had rejected Rapunzel, made evenings the Witch the cut-off Flechten above at Fensterhaken fest, und als der Königssohn kam und rief "Rapunzel, Rapunzel, laß dein Haar down", so she let the Hair down. The King's son went upstairs, but he found not his beloved Rapunzel, but the Sorceress, who had seen him with a wicked and poisonous look. "Aha, you want to get your wife, but the beautiful bird doesn't sit in the nest anymore and doesn't sing anymore, the cat has got him and will scratch your eyes out".. For you Rapunzel is lost, you will never see her again. The King's son is old except for pain, and in despair he leapt from the Tower.. Da irrte er blind im Wald umher, but nichts als Wurzeln und Beeren, und that nothing as jammern und weinen über the Verlust seiner liebsten Frau. So he wandered for some years in misery and finally came to the West, where Rapunzel with the twins, whom she had borne, a boy and a girl, lived together.. He heard a voice, and she thought he was so familiar: and he went to her, and as he came, Rapunzel recognized him and fell at his neck and wept. Two of her tears but blessed his eyes, they were clear again, and he could see as others. He led them into his Reich, where they were received with joy, and lived a long life of happiness and pleasure.