Once upon a time there was a king who had twelve daughters, one more beautiful than the other.. They slept together in a room, where their beds stood side by side, and in the evenings, when they lay in it, the king's castle closed the door and locked them.. When she opened the door in the morning, she saw that her shoes were dirty, and no one could take them out.. And the king said, If any one of the women be found dancing in the night, he shall choose one of them for his wife, and after his death she shall be king: but if any one of them be found after three days and three nights, and not bring her out, he shall die.. Not long, so meldete sich ein Königssohn und erbot sich das Wagnis zu unternehmen (a king's son and a king's son) and he was forced to take the risk of his own life and to take the risk of his own life.. He was taken to a room in the Schlafsaal.. His bed was opened, and he should have watched where they went and danced; and that they might not do any secret thing, or go out to any other place, he left the doors of the chamber open.. The king's son fell asleep, and when he awoke in the morning, all twelve had been dancing, because their shoes had been on and had been loose in the soles.. The second and third evening comes not otherwise, and the ward him sein Haupt ohne Barmherzigkeit abgeschlagen. They came here after many and joined the Wagestück, but they had to leave all their lives. Now it happened that a poor soldier, who had been wounded and could no longer serve, was on his way to the city where the king lived.. When he met an old woman, she asked him where he wanted to go.. "I know not myself well", he said, and joked, "I should have liked to have been found out when the King's daughters took off their shoes, and then to have become kings". "It is not so hard", said the old woman, "you must not drink the wine that is brought to you at night, and you must think that you are fast asleep".. He was so well received as the others, and his royal dress was worn.. In the evening, when it was time to go to bed, they brought him into the upper room, and when he was about to go to bed, the eldest of the two brought him a cup of wine, but he had tied a bottle of wine under his chin, and drank it not a drop.. Then he lay down, and when he had lain a little, he found a zu schnarchen like in the deepest sleep. The twelve King's daughters heard it, laughed, and the eldest said, "Who could have saved his life?" Then they stood up, opened the cupboards, the coffers, and took off their beautiful clothes, put themselves in front of the mirror, jumped out, and rejoiced in the dance.. Only the youngest said, "I don't know, you're happy, but I'm so weird to Mother: it's going to happen to us". "You're a snowman", said the oldest, "who's always afraid".. Have you forgotten how many sons of the King have already been born for nothing? I would not have needed to give the soldiers a sleeping drink, the Lümmel would not have been awakened. When they were all finished, they looked at the soldier, but he had opened his eyes, had not moved and had not moved, and they thought he was safe.. And the elders went to their beds and knocked on the beds, and they went up by the opening, and came down one by one, and the elders went up before them.. The soldier, who had seen everything, did not stay long, he went to the youngest and climbed behind him.. In the middle of the stairs she was a little bit dressed, she was frightened and cried "What is this? Who is holding me in my dress?" "You are not so simple", said the oldest, "you are left hanging on a hook".. The soldier thought he was going to take a sign, and he took a branch from it and threw a giant claw from the tree.. The youngest cried again, "It's not right, have you heard the bang?" The oldest said, "These are Freudenschüsse, because we have soon rescued our princes". They came upon it in a tree-walk, where all the leaves of gold, and finally in a third, where they were clearer.. And they went on and came to a great water, where upon the water stood twelve little ships, and in each little ship sat a beautiful prince, who had waited upon the twelve, and each one took one to himself, the soldier but sat down with the youngest one. "I know not that the ship is much heavier today, and I must rudder with all my strength, if I shall carry it forward". "Where should it come from?" said the youngest. "Like the warm weather, it is also so hot to the mouth".. They rode over it, they danced, and every prince danced with his beloved; the soldier danced with the invisible, and when one held a cup of wine, he drank it so that he could read the war, when she brought him to the mouth; and the youngest was also afraid of it, but the oldest kept silent. They danced until three o'clock the next morning, when all the shoes were through and they had to stop.. The Prinzen drove them back over the water, and the soldier sat down this time before the elders.. They took their princes ' farewells and promised to return the following night .. When they were at the stairs, the soldier went ahead and lay down in his bed, and when the Twelve slowly and tiredly came up, he snorted again so loudly that they could all hear, and they said "We are safe from them". Then they took off their beautiful clothes, brought them away, put the zertanzende shoes under the bed and lay down. The next morning the soldier would not say anything, but the strange creature would not be seen, and the second and third night would come again. They were all like the first time, and they danced every time until the shoes were two. The third time, I took him to the Wahrzeichen ein Becher mit. When the hour came for him to answer, he took the three branches and the cup and went before the king, while the twelve stood at the door and listened to what he would say.. When the King asked who had made my twelve daughters wear their shoes at night, he answered with twelve princes in a subterranean castle, and told how the war had gone, and brought the war signs out.. When the king's daughters came and asked her if the soldier had told the truth, and when they saw that they were lying and not half-smiling, they had to confess everything. Darauf asked him which one he wanted to have for his wife. He replied, "I am no longer young, so give me the oldest". He was still a young man when the wedding took place and the king promised him the kingdom after his death.. But the Princes were on so many days again cursed, as they had danced the Night with the Twelve.