Once upon a time there was an old queen, who was a sorceress, and her daughter was the most beautiful girl under the sun.. The old woman thought of nothing but how she could lure men to perdition, and when a deliverer came, she said, whoever wanted her daughter must first dissolve a bond, or he must die.. Many were blinded by the beauty of the young woman and expected it well, but they could not accomplish what the old woman had entrusted to them, and then there was no mercy, they had to kneel down, and the head was cut off from them. "Ein Königssohn der hatte auch von der großen Schönheit der Jungfrau gehört und sprach zu seinem Vater" "Let me go, I will take her to her". "Nimmermehr", replied the King, "if you go, you will go to your death".. When the father saw that there was no hope, he spoke with all his heart to him, "Go and try your luck, I know you cannot help yourself". As the son heard, he stood on his bed, was well and made himself happy on the way. It was true that when he came over a heap to ride, that he saw from far away on the ground something like a great heap of hay, and as he approached, he could distinguish that it was the belly of a man, which had stretched itself out; but the belly looked like a small mountain. The Dicke, who saw the traveller, stood up and said, "If you need someone, take me into your service". The King's son answered, "What shall I do with such an unattached man?" The Dicke said, "I will say nothing, if I meet you, I am not three thousand times as dick".. Fragte der Königssohn was du machst da? Jch horche, was du machst da?. "Why do you listen so attentively? " "Why do you listen to what is happening in the world, " "Why do my ears hear nothing, " "Why do I even hear the grass grow?" "Tell me, what do you hear in the court of the old queen, " "What is the beautiful daughter?" "I hear the sword that sauses the head of a freedman". "I can't help you", said the king. "I can help you, but I can't help you".. When they had walked a good distance, they came to the body and finally also to the head. "Hey, what are you doing for a longer stretch?" "Oh", replied the Long, "there's nothing wrong with my limbs stretching out, I'm not three thousand times as long, and I'm bigger than the highest mountain on Earth".. I will gladly serve you, if you will accept me. "Commons", said the King's son, "I can use you".. Sprach der Königssohn zu ihm "Have you blöde Augen, dass du nicht in das Licht sehen kannst?" "No", replied the man, "I must not take the blindfold off, because I was with meinen Augen ansehe, that springs from another, so strong is my Blick. If you can use it, I'll be glad to serve you. Come with me, answered the King's son, I can use you.. "How can you freeze?" said the King's son, "and the sun shines so warmly". "Ah", replied the man, "my nature is of a different kind, the hotter it is, the more I freeze, and the frost penetrates me through all my bones, and the colder it is, the hotter it becomes: in the middle of the ice I can stand the heat, and in the middle of the fire I can't stand the cold". "You are a wonderful fellow", said the King's son, "but if you want to serve me, come with me".. The king's son asked, "What makes you so eager?" The man replied, "I have such bright eyes, that I can see over all the woods and fields, the hills and mountains, and through the whole world". The king's son said, "If you will, come with me, for one of you has missed me".. He said not who he was, but he said "Will you give me your beautiful daughter, so I will accomplish what you have promised me". The witch was glad that such a beautiful boy had fallen into her net and said "I will give you a promise three times, if you will always keep it, so you will be the husband and wife of my daughter"..  That you bring me a ring here, which I have dropped into the rotten sea.  When the king's son came home to his servants and said  The first bond is not easy, a ring should be taken out of the rotten sea, now create Rath.  When he spoke with the hellen eyes  I will see where it lies,  looked into the sea down and said  there it hangs on a spiked stone.  The long trug she turned and said  I wanted to take it out, I could only see it.   When there is nothing more,  the Dicke cried, lay down. The Lange bückte sich ein wenig and holte the Ring mit der Hand heraus He was a little bit of a jerk , but he was a little bit of a jerk .. The King's son was glad to have the Ring, and brought it to the Elders.. She was astonished and said, "Yes, it's the right ring. You've happily solved the first one, but now the second one is coming".. "If you see there on the meadow before my castle three hundred fat oxen, which you must eat with skin and hair, bones and horns, and three hundred casks of wine, which you must drink with, lying in the cellar below, and one hair of the ox and a little drop of wine left over, your life is lost to me". "The king's son said, 'I dare not invite guests to my house without company, nor any meal, nor any meal, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink, nor any drink. When the Mahlzeit to Ende war, came der Königssohn zur Alten and told her the second Bund wäre gelöst. She marveled and said, "So far has no one yet come, but there is still a bund left", and thought, "You shall not escape me and will not keep your head up". "Tonight evening", she said, "I will bring my daughter to you in your room and you shall embrace her with your arm: and when you sit together, so that you do not fall asleep: I will come at twelve o'clock, and she is no longer in your arms, so you have lost". "The king's son thought, "Bund is easy to live, I will keep my eyes open", but he called his servants and told them what the old man had. They sat down together, and the young woman said nothing, but the moon shone through the window on her face, so that he could see her wonderful beauty.. There was nothing as they looked, there was joy and love, and there was no fatigue in his eyes.. The night lasted until eleven o'clock, when the old woman cast a spell on all, so that they fell asleep, and at that moment the young woman also entered.. "O woe and misfortune, "the cry of the king's son, "now I am lost! "The faithful servant came also to lament,. You alone can help, Langer, if you get up, so are you with a few shots there.   Yes,  answered der Lange,  but der with the sharp eyes must go with us, so that we can remove the rock.  Da huckte der Lange the with blindfolded eyes on, und im Augenblick, wie man eine Hand umwenden waren sie vor dem verwünschten Felsen. Alsbald took the long deer and the blindfold, the only thing he could see, so he cracked the rock in a thousand pieces.. He took the young woman in his arms, carried her back in a moment, took his comrades with him, and he beat them, and they all sat down again as before and were merry and good things. When she was twelve, the old witch, her eyes gleaming, made a horrible face, as if to say, "Now is mine", and believed her daughter to be three hundred hours away in the rock.. But when she saw her daughter in the arms of the King's son, she was terrified and said, "There is one who can do more than I can". But she dared not object and had to tell him the Jungfrau zusagen. She spoke to her in her ear, "Shame on you, for obeying the common people and not choosing a husband at your pleasure".. She sat down the next morning, three hundred Malterholz zusammenfahren and spoke to the Königssohn, the three bonds would be solved, she would not rather become his bride, until one would be ready, to sit in the middle of the wood and endure the fire. She thought none of his servants would burn for him, and out of love for her he would set himself inside, and then she would be free. The servants said, "We have all got something, but the frost is not yet here, it must be here too". They set him in the middle of the wood and put him in a basket.. The fire began to burn and burned for three days, until all the wood was consumed, and when the flames were laid down, the frosty one stood in the midst of the ashes, trembled like a spear and said "such a frost have I not endured my life, and if it had lasted longer, I would have died".. When they went to the church, the old woman said, "I cannot bear the shame", and sent her soldiers to take down everything that had happened to him and bring her daughter back to her.. The listener had heard and heard the ancient tales of the world .. "What do we catch?" he said to the Dicken, but the Wise Rath, having once or twice spit out of the water he had drunk, formed a great lake in which the Kriegsvölker remained and drowned.. When the sorceress heard this, she sent her horsemen, but the horsemen heard the rustle of their armor and blindfolded them, and the enemies looked at each other with a sharp knife, and they jumped out of each other like glass.. Now they went on undisturbed, and when the two were in the church, took the six servants their farewell, and spoke to their lord your wishes are fulfilled, you have no longer need of us, we want to move on and try our luck. Half an hour before the castle was a village, before the hütte a Schweinehirt his herd: wie sie dahin kamen, sprach er zu seiner Frau weißt du auch recht wer ich bin? ich bin kein Königssohn, sondern ein Schweinehirt, und mit der Herde, dort ist das mein Vater: wir zwei müssen auch daran und ihm helfen hüten. Then you climbed. When she woke up in the morning, she had nothing to do, and the hostess gave her an old rock and a pair of old woolen socks, which she still considered to be a great gift and said "If it wasn't for your husband, I wouldn't have given you anything". She thought he was really a pig herder and shepherded the herd with him and thought "I have earned it with my pride and pride".. A few people came and asked if she knew who her husband was. "Yes", she replied, "he is a swineherd, and has just gone out with bands and ropes to do a little business". "Come once more, we will take you to him", she said, "and bring you up to the castle".. She did not recognize him, however, until he had tied her to his neck, kissed her and said, "I have suffered so much for you, that you should suffer for me too".