The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 26 to supplement this Regulation by laying down detailed rules for the application of this Regulation.. When the love of God came to them as a poor man and asked, "Where does the road lead to the village?" the mother said, "If you want to know it, look for it yourself", and the daughter added, "If you are worried that you will not find it, take a guide with you". The stepdaughter said, "Poor man, I will lead you, come with me". The love of God, when it came to the mother and daughter, turned its back on them and desired them to become black like the night and as shameful as the sin.. The poor stepdaughter was blessed by God and went with her, and when they were near the village, he said a blessing over her and said "Choose three things out of which I will give you". The girl said, "I would like to be as beautiful and pure as the sun; and then she will be as white and beautiful as the day".. "Then I would like to have a purse that would not read: "I gave her the love of God, but I did not forget the best". She said, "I wish for the third time the eternal kingdom of heaven after my death". That was also granted to her, and so did the love of God.. The stepdaughter had a brother named Reginer, whom she loved very much and told him everything that had happened during the war.. Now spoke Reginer once to her liebe Schwester, ich will dich abmalen, damit ich dich beständig vor Augen sehe, denn meine Liebe zu dir ist so groß, dass ich dich immer anblicken möchte. She answered but I beg you let nobody see the picture. He now asked his sister to take the picture in his room; he lived in des Königs Schloß, weil er bei ihm Kutscher war. All the days he came to pray and thank God for the happiness of his beloved sister. Now it was just that the King, when he was at the service, his wife had died, and she was so beautiful that no one could find her, and the King was in deepest mourning over her.. The courtiers, however, noticed that the coachman daily stood before the beautiful picture, misgönntens him und meldte es dem König. He let this picture come to him, and when he saw that she was in every way like his dead wife, only more beautiful, he fell in love with her.. He let the coachman come and ask him what the picture was about .. The coachman said it was his sister, so the king decided to take no other than this one as his bride, gave him a carriage and a horse and a magnificent golden robe and sent him to the fort to get his chosen bride. "Wie Reginer mit der Botschaft an kam, freute sich seine Schwester, allein die Schwarze war eifersüchtig über das Glück, ärgerte sich über alle Maßen und sprach zu ihrer Mutter" "Was help now all your arts, da ihr mir ein solches Glück doch nicht verschaffen könnt". "Be still", said the Old One, "I will tell you already". "And by her witchcraft she troubled the Kutscher's eyes, so that he was half blind, and the Whites covered her ears, so that she was half deaf".. Then they got into the carriage, first the bride in her royal clothes, then the stepmother with her daughter, and the king sat on the horse, and drove off.. When they were a while on the road, the coachman called out, "Deck dich zu, meine Schwesterlein, dass Regen dich nicht näßt, dass Wind dich nicht bestäubt, dass du fein schön zum König kommst". The bride asked, "What did my dear brother say?" "Ah", said the old woman, "he said you should take off your golden dress and give it to your sister".. So they went on: über ein Weilchen rief der Bruder abermals deck dich zu, meine Schwesterlein, dass Regen dich nicht näßt, dass Wind dich nicht bestäubt, und du fein schön zum König kommst. Die Braut fragte was sagt mein lieber Bruder? Ach, sprach die Alte, er hat gesagt, du solltest deine goldenen Haube ab thun und deiner Schwester geben. Da dass sie die Haube ab und dass sie der Schwarzen auf und saß im bloßen Haar. So they went on: again over a certain call of the brother deck dich zu, meine Schwesterlein, dass Regen dich nicht näßt, dass Wind dich nicht bestäubt, und du fein schön zum König kommst. The bride asked what did my dear brother say? Ah,  spake the old woman, he had said you would like to see once more from the carriage. They went straight on a bridge over a deep water. As the bride got up and got out of the carriage, she met the two men outside, and they both fell into the water.. As they sank, in the same instant, a snow-white entity rose from the water mirror and swam the river down.. Der Bruder hadn't noticed and drove the car on until it came to the court. He brought the Black Queen to the King as his sister and thought she was really his sister because she was a war trub in front of his eyes and he saw the Gold Dressers shimmering. The King, seeing the unfounded hostility of his supposed bride, was very angry and ordered the coachman to throw her into a pit, which was full of otters and snakes.. The old witch, however, knew the king well enough to deceive him and blind his eyes with her arts, so that he kept her and her daughter, and that she was very sympathetic to him and he really rejoiced with her. One evening, while the black bride sat on the king's lap, a white duck came to Gossenstein in the kitchen to swim and said to the kitchen boy, "Jüngel, make a fire, that I can warm my feathers".. While she was sitting and enjoying herself, she asked, "What is my brother Reginer doing?" The Kitchen-boy answered, "He's in the pit, trapped by the otter and the snake". She asked, "What is the black witch doing in the house?" The Kitchen-boy answered, "She's sitting warm in the King's arms".. He could not bring it to the kitchen, he went to the king and discovered everything. But the King, wishing to see her himself, went the other evening, and as the Duck stretched its head through the Gossenstein, he took his sword, and thrust it through her neck, and it became once again the most beautiful girl, and exactly like the picture that the Brother of her had made. The king was very glad to see her, and because she was very beautiful, he ordered that they should bring her a robe of fine linen and clothe her with it.. Then she told him how she had been deceived by deceit and falsehood and had been thrown into the river; and her first request was that her brother be brought out of the Schlangenhöhle. And when the King had fulfilled this request, he went into the chamber, where the old witch sat and asked who deserved to die, which one and which one, and told what had happened.. She was so blinded that she did not notice and spoke. She deserved to be stripped naked and put in a face with nails, and to be tied up in front of a face and sent to the whole world.. The King however, inherited the white and beautiful bride and rewarded the faithful brother by making him a rich and famous man.