Ostindien was von den Fiend belagert, he would de Stadt nig verloeten, he would ersten seshundert Dahler haben. The leiten se dat ut trummen, well de schaffen könne, de soll Börgemester were not included in the list of the. Do was der en armen Fisker, de fiskede up de See mit sinen Sohn, do kam de Fiend un nam den Sohn gefangen an gave em doför seshundert Dahler. The German government has been unable to provide the necessary funds for the construction of the new railway station.. The word was uttered that the Lord Börgemaster was to be executed, and that the son of the Devil was to be put to death in a grave, and that the son of the Devil was to be put to death in a grave.. The Berg de dei sick up, do kam he in en gra gra grawünsket Schloß, woin Stohle, Diske un Bänke alle schwatt behangen wören. Do queimen drei princessinnen, de gans schwatt antrokken wören, de men en lück (little) witt int Gesicht hädden, de segden to em he soll men nig bange sien, se wullen em nix dohn, he könn eer erlösen (they are not born to see, they are not born to do, they cannot be redeemed). Do you think he'd like to do that, if he knew where he was going?. The following are the main points of the proposal: (i) the need to ensure that the Commission is able to take account of the specific needs of the Member States; (ii) the need to ensure that the Commission is able to take account of the specific needs of the Member States; (iii) the need to ensure that the Commission is able to take account of the specific needs of the Member States; (iv) the need to ensure that the Commission is able to take account of the specific needs of the Member States; (v) the need to ensure that the Commission is able to take account of the specific needs of the Member States; (v) the need to ensure that the Commission is able to take account of the specific. As he was tied to the west, he would like to be with his father, but he would not be able to do so, so Buel met Geld, so he met Nierman, so Klöder should enter, but in eight days he must be there. Do werd he upnurmen, he is glik in Ostindien. Do kann he sin Vader in de Fiskhütte nigte mer finden an frög de Luide doh wo de Fisker arme blierwen wöre, do segget se dat möst he niggen, dann segg he an de Galge. Do you know what he did to my father, do you know what he did to my father? Do you know what he did to my father, do you know what he did to my father? Do you know what he did to my father, do you know what he did to my father?. "I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm going to tell you, I'm. De hädden em segd he söll nig bange sien, he könn eer erlösen. The first is that the Commission has not yet taken a decision on the application of the principle of equal treatment to men and women in the field of employment, and that it has not yet taken a decision on the application of the principle of equal treatment to women and men in the field of employment.. Do spring all the three princesses up a segden the verfluchte Hund, usse Bloet soll örfer die Rache schreien, nu is kin Mensk up de Welt geboren un werd geboren, de us erlöösen kann, wie hevet noh drei Bröders, they are in seven Ketten anschloeten, de söllt die terreiten. Do givt et en Gekriesk in t ganse Schloß, un he sprank ut dat Fenster un terbrack dat, un dat Schloß wurde sunk in de Grunde, de Berg was wier to, unmes wust wo et west was.