It was a man, his wife died, and a woman, her husband died; and the man had a daughter, and the woman also had a daughter. The girls were acquainted with each other and went to the house. Da sprach sie zu des Mannes Tochter hör, sage deinem Vater, ich will ihn heirathen, dann sollst du jeden Morgen dich in Milch waschen und Wein trinken, meine Tochter aber soll sich in Wasser waschen und Wasser trinken. The girl went to the house and told her father that the woman had said. The man said, "What shall I do? The inheritance is a joy and is also a pain". Finally, because he could not make up his mind, he took off his boot and said, "Take this boot, the hat in the sole of a loch, go with it to the ground, hang it on the big nail and then throw it in the water".. If he holds the water, I'll take another woman, but if he runs, I won't.. Es verkündigte seinem Vater wies ausgefallen war (It was announced to his father that the war had been declared). And he himself went up, and when he saw that it was his right, he went to the widow and freed her, and the wedding was kept. And the next morning, when the two maidens arose, they stood before the man's daughter milk to wash and wine to drink, and before the woman's daughter water to wash and water to drink.. On the second morning , water for washing and water for drinking , as good for the man 's daughter as for the woman 's daughter .. And at three in the morning stand Wasser zum Waschen und Wasser zum Trinken vor des Mannes Tochter, and Milk zum Waschen und Wein zum Trinken vor der Frau Tochter, and while he is there, he is also given milk and wine, and he is given wine to drink before his wife and daughter, and he is given milk and milk to drink before his wife and daughter, and he is given milk and milk to drink before his wife and daughter, and he is given milk and milk to drink before his wife and daughter, and he is given milk and milk to drink before his wife and daughter, and he is given milk and wine to drink before his wife and daughter, and he is given milk and wine to. The wife was spinnefeind her stepdaughter and didn't know how she was supposed to make her worse from one day to the next. She was jealous, because her stepdaughter was beautiful and lovely, her right daughter was ugly and hateful. Once in the winter, when the stone heart had frozen and the mountain and valley were covered with snow, the woman made a paper dress, called the girl and said, "I want to see the dress, go out into the forest and get me a basket of strawberries; I have wanted it".. And why should I go in the paper dress? It is so cold outside that one of them will freeze: the wind blows through and the thorns tear the dirt from the body. Will you still contradict me? said the stepmother, make sure that you are strong, and do not let yourself be seen again until you have the basket full of strawberries. Then she gave him a piece of hard bread and said, "from now on you can eat over the day", and thought, "draußen wirds erfrieren und verhungern und mir nie mehr vor die Augen kommen".. There was nothing but snow in the wide and wide, and no greenery to be seen. If it's in the woods, it's a small house, and there's three little men in it.. It is desirable to give them the Tageszeit und klopfte bescheidenlich an die Thür. They called in, and he went into the room and sat on the bench at the stove, to warm himself and eat his breakfast.. The Haulemännerchen spoke give us also something davon. Gerne spoke es, theyilte sein Stückchen Brot entzwei und gab ihnen die Hälfte. They asked him what he wanted for the winter in his thin clothes here in the forest. He replied, "I'll look for a basket full of strawberries and not come home until I bring it back". When he had eaten his bread, they gave him a basket and said, "We'll take it to the back door to get rid of the snow". When he was outside, the three men said to each other, "We'll give it to him because it's so good and his bread is unhealthy". The first one said, "I'll give him a basket so that every day the earth will be beautiful". The second said, "I'll give him. He was so happy to be a full-fledged cook, thanked the little men, gave everyone a hand and love to the house, and wanted to bring the stepmother the wishes.. "As he entered and said, 'Good evening,' he felt like a gold piece from the mouth".. Darauf told him that he had met war in the forest, but that every word he spoke had a gold coin in his mouth, so that soon the whole room was covered with it.. "Now see one of the Übermuths, "call the Stepfather, "so that the money can be thrown in, "but secretly she was needy about it and wanted to go out into the forest and look for the Erdbeeren. The mother: "No, my dear daughter, it's too cold, you could freeze me". Because she couldn't give her any peace, she finally gave him a beautiful fur coat, which he had to wear, and gave him butter bread and cake along the way.. The three little Haulemänner looked again, but she did not greet them, and, without looking at them and without greeting them, she stumbled into the Stube, sat down on the stove and ate her butter bread and her cake. "Gib uns etwas davon", called the Kleinen, but she replied "Es schickt mir selbst nicht, wie kann ich andern noch davon abgeben?" When it was now finished with the Essen, she said "Have you a bath, go outside in front of the Hinterthür".. The little men said to each other, "What shall we give him, because he is so naughty and has a bad girl's heart, that nobody wants anything?" The first said, "I give him that he becomes more and more annoying every day". The second said, "I give him that he gets a crown of thorns every time he speaks". The third said, "I give him that he dies an unfortunate death".. And as he was about to tell his mother and his father what he had seen in the forest, a word came out of his mouth, and all were afraid of him. Now the stepmother was even more angry and thought only of how she would make the daughter of the man all herzeleid, whose beauty grew more and more every day.. Finally she took a Kessel, set it on fire and put the garn in it. When war was declared, she put the poor girl on her shoulder and gave her an axe to go with her to the frozen river, an ice hole and a glittering garment.. It was obedience, and it was taken in a hole in the ice, and in the middle of the war, a more beautiful carriage was driven, in which the king sat.. The carriage stopped and the king asked, "My child, who are you and what are you doing there?" "I am a poor girl and a little girl". "The king felt sorry for me", he said, "and when he saw how beautiful the carriage was, he asked, "Will you ride with me?" "Yes, of all hearts", he answered, "because I was glad to see my mother and sister coming".. About a year later the young queen gave birth to a son, and when the stepmother heard of the great happiness, she came with her daughter to the castle, and that was when she wanted to make a visit.. When the king went out and no one was present, the wicked woman took the queen by the head and her daughter by the feet, lifted her from her bed and threw her out of the window into the river.. Then she laid her daughter in bed, and the old woman covered her head with a blanket.. When the King came back and wanted to speak to his wife, the old woman cried out, "Still, still, now that's not going to happen, she's in a stronger swiss, you must let her rest today". The King thought nothing of it and came back the next morning, and as he spoke to his wife, and she answered him, a crown appeared at every word, while a gold piece had fallen out.. The old woman said that she had been taken by the strong Swiss, and would have lost herself again. In the night she saw the kitchen boy like a duck swimming through the boy, and said, "King, what are you doing? Do you sleep or do you wake up?" And when he gave no answer, she said, "What are my guests doing?". So she came two nights, in the third she spoke to the kitchen boy geh and sage the king that he takes his sword and swings it three times over the spirit: and at the third time his bride stood before him, fresh, alive and healthy, as she had been before. Now the king was in great joy, he hid the queen in a hidden chamber until the Sunday, when the child was to be baptized. And when the war was over, he said, "Was it the work of a man to carry another out of his bed and throw him into the water?" "Nothing better", answered the old woman, "than to put the bad man in a vat, which is struck with nails, and the mountain is rolled down into the water".