It was once a brother and sister, who had a hearty love. Their mother was dead, and they had a stepmother, who was not well and who was secretly suffering.. It happened that the two were playing with other children on a field in front of the house, and the other field was a pond, which was on one side of the house.. The children loved to play and to play with each other, and the children loved to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other, and to play with each other,. As she so happily jumped in, she saw the stepmother from the window with an und ärgerte sich. Because she understood sorcery, she cursed both of them, the brother in a fish and the sister in a lamb.. The fish in the lake swam in her, and was sad, the lamb came to the field in her, and was sad and fraß not and touched no health. So gieng eine lange Zeit hin, da kamen fremde Gäste auf das Schloß (So gieng a long time hin, da kamen fremde Gäste auf das Schloß) This is the first time that a foreign guest has been to the castle.. The false stepmother thought that this was a good opportunity, called the cook, and spoke to him. She went and took the lamb from the meadow and slaughtered it, we have nothing else for the guests. Then the cook went and took the lamb and led it into the kitchen and tied his feet to it.. He had now been dragged out of the swamp and wet on the shore, and he was astonished to see him, like a fish in the water before Gossenstein and her float and look up at him.. The war was over, but the brothers, because when the fish had seen how the cook was leading the lamb, were in the lake with him swimming to the house.. The fish replied, "Each sister in the high, as the cook heard that the lamb could speak and so sad words about the fish letter, he was frightened and thought it must be no natural lamb, but would be from the bad woman in the house desired. And he said, Be still, I will not kill thee, and took another beast, and prepared it for the guests, and brought the lamb to a good shepherdess, and told her all that he had seen and heard.. Then the wise woman blessed the lamb and the fish, and they were changed into human form, and she led them into a large forest, into a small house, where they lived alone, but contented and happy.