They were two brothers, one was a Reich, the other an army.. The rich gave nothing to the poor, and he had to live on the corn trade with a penny; he was often so poor that he had no bread for his wife and children.. Once he was driving his cart through the forest, when he saw a large, bare mountain on the side, and because he had never seen it before, he stopped and looked at it with wonder.. As he stood there, he saw twelve wild men coming, and because he did not believe them to be robbers, he put his cart into the woods and climbed up a tree and waited to see what would happen.. The twelve men came but before the mountain and called Berg Semsi, Berg Semsi, thu dich auf. Alsbald that sich der kahle Berg in der Mitte von einander, and the twelve came in, and as they were in, schloß er sich zu. After a little while he was up again, and the men came out carrying heavy sacks on their backs, and as they were all again in the daylight, they said, "Berg Semsi, Berg Semsi, thu dich zu".. When they were now quite out of his sight, the arm went down from the tree, and the curious man was well in the mountain hidden secrets. Also gieng er davor und sprach Berg Semsi, Berg Semsi, thu dich auf, und der Berg that sich auch vor ihm auf. And they went in, and all the mountain was a cave full of silver and gold, and behind were great heaps of pearls and glittering precious stones, as corn is cast in a sieve.. The poor man did not know where to begin, and whether he should take anything from the treasures; at last he filled his pockets with gold, pearls and precious stones, but he left them lying. When he came out again, he said the same thing: "Berg Semsi, Berg Semsi, thu dich zu, "and he closed the door to the mountain, and drove with his cart to the house. Now he no longer needed to worry and could buy bread and wine with his gold for his wife and child, live happily and redly, give to the poor and that every man good. When the money was gone, he went to his brother, and took a bag of money, and hid it again, but he found nothing of the great treasures.. If he wanted to get something, he borrowed it from his brother, abermals den Scheffel.. The Reich was but already long envious of his fortune and the fine household which he had established, and could not comprehend whence the Reichthum came and was his Bruder mit dem Scheffel anfienge. He thought he had a list and covered the floor with bad luck, and when he got the measure back, a gold piece was left hanging in it.. Alsbald went to his brother and asked him "What did you measure with the Scheffel?" "Korn und Gerste", said the other. He showed him the gold piece and threatened him if he didn't tell the truth, so he would take him to court. He told him everything, how the war had gone. The Reich, however, left a wagon strapped in, and went out, wishing to make better use of the opportunity and bring with him other treasures. We're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going to the mountain, we're going. The Reichthümer lay all before him, and he knew not long before he should have first grasped, at last he had the Edelsteine on so much he could carry. He wanted to bring his last out, because but heart and mind were completely full of the treasures, he had forgotten the name of the mountains and called Berg Simeli, Berg Simeli, thu dich auf. But that was the right name not, and the mountain did not rise and remained closed. He was afraid, but the longer he thought, the more his thoughts became confused, and all his treasures were gone.. "The night that the mountain was climbed and the twelve robbers came in, and when they saw him, they laughed and called out 'Vogel, we have you at last, think you wouldn't have noticed that you've come in here twice, but we couldn't catch you, the third time you shall not come out again.'