It was a girl who was foul and didn't want to spin, and the mother could say what she wanted, she couldn't bring it to her. Finally, Mother once again overcame her anger and impatience, and gave him a beating, which was said to have been a cry for help.. Now the Queen was passing by, and when she heard the cry, she stopped, went into the house and asked the mother why she had beaten her daughter, that a man outside on the street had heard the cry. The woman was ashamed to reveal her daughter's folly, and said, "I cannot bring her out of the spinning, she will always and forever spin, and I am poor and cannot get the flax out of her". The queen answered, "I hear nothing better than spinning, and I am not happier than when the wheels whirl: give me your daughter with me into the castle, I have enough flax, and she shall spin as much as she pleases".. When they had come to the castle, they led it up to the three chambers, which lay from bottom to top full of the most beautiful flats. "Now spin me this flax", she said, "and when you're ready, you'll have my eldest son for a husband; if you're so good, I won't wait for you, your unspent work is well equipped". The girl was terrified, because she couldn't spin the flax, and was three hundred years old, and had been sitting there every day from morning to evening.. If it's not a war, it's a war to cry and sit so three days without the hand to r. On the third day the queen came and when she saw that nothing had been done, she was surprised, but the girl apologized that it had not been possible to begin before the great sorrow over the distance from his mother's house. The Queen was pleased, but said that when she left in the morning, she must go to work. When the girl was alone again, she knew she could no longer help herself, and she sat in her troubles before the window.. He saw three women come in, the first had a broad flat foot, the second had a lower lip so big that it went down over the chin, and the third had a broad thumb. They stood in front of the window, looking down and asking the girl was he missing. He complained to them about his lack of help, so they brought him their help and said, "Will you invite us to the wedding, will you not be ashamed of us and will you not call us your friends, and will you also sit at your table, so we will tell the Flachs to spin and do that in a shorter time".. The one drew the thread and drew the wheel, the other netted the thread, the third turned it and struck it with his finger on the table, and so often she struck, a number of yarns fell to the earth, and the war was spun on its finest.. Before the Queen she hid the three spinners, and showed her, as often as she came, the multitude of spinned yarns, that these loops had no end.. As the first Chamber reads war, comes a second, finally a third, and the war also soon awakens.. Now the three women took their leave and said to the girl, "Don't forget what you promised us, it will be your happiness". When the girl showed the queen the empty chambers and the large heap of cloth, she prepared the wedding, and the groom was glad that he had found such a skilled and hardworking woman and praised her violently.. "I have three daughters", said the girl, "and since they have given me so much, I do not want to forget them in my happiness: I do not allow them to go to the wedding and sit at the table with me. The Queen and the Bridegroom said, "Why should we not allow them?" When the feast began, the three young women came in in their most beautiful clothes, and the bride said, "Welcome, my dear daughters". The Bridegroom said, "How did you come to such a friendship?" The bride said, "You have given me a gift to share with the king". The bride said, "You have given me