Before a great forest lived a poor Holzhacker with his wife and two children; the girls were called Hänsel and the girl Grethel. He had little to eat and to break, and once, when the great famine came to the land, he could no longer even create the daily bread. How he now in the evening made up his mind and became worried about her welfare, he sighed and spoke to his wife "What shall become of us? How can we feed our poor children, since we have nothing more for ourselves?" "You know what, man", answered the woman, "We will take the children out in the morning in the forest, where he is the thickest: so we make them a fire and give each one a piece of bread, then we go to our work and leave them alone. They won't find their way home and we'll lose them. No, Madam, the man said, I won't do that. How should I bring my children into the forest to leave them alone, the wild beasts would soon come and tear them to pieces?. "But the poor children are still waiting for me", said the man. "The two children had been hungry and couldn't sleep and had heard what the stepmother had said to the father".. Grethel wept bitterly and spoke to Hänsel, "Now is what has happened to us". Still, Grethel, she said to Hänsel, "I don't want to help you, I'm not going to help you". And when the Elders had fallen asleep, he got up, took his little hand, and made the Unterthüre to go and squeeze himself out.. The moon shone brightly, and the white stone, which shone before the house, shone like a lot of bricks.. Hänsel bückte sich und steckte so viel in sein Rocktäschlein, as only in wanted. Then he went back again, spoke to Grethel 'I'm confident, loves Schwesterchen und schlaf nur ruhig ein, Gott wird uns nicht verlassen, and lay down again in sein Bett. When the day dawned, still before the sun had risen, kam schon die Frau und we woke the two Kinder, 'Stand up, you Faullenzer, we will go into the forest and fetch wood. ' Then she gave each one a piece of bread and spoke 'Have you got something for lunch, but eat before you go on, you get nothing. ' Grethel took the bread under the shoe, because Hänsel had the stones in the bag. Then they all joined together on the way to the forest .. When they had gone away for a while, Hänsel stood still and looked back at the house and that was over and over again.. The father said to Hansel, "What do you see there and stay behind, have a look and don't forget your legs". The father said to Hansel, "I see my white kitten sitting on the roof and will say goodbye". The woman said, "Nonsense, this is not your kitten, this is the morning sunshine that shines on the chimney". Hansel hadn't seen the kitten, but had always thrown one of the white pebbles from his pocket on the road. When they had come to the middle of the forest, the father said, "Now gather wood, children, I will light a fire so that you won't freeze. The Reisig ward was lit, and when the flame was right high, the Frau said, "Now put yourselves to the fire, you children and rest yourselves, we go into the forest and hauen Holz. When we're done, we'll come back and get you. Hänsel and Grethel sat by the fire, and when lunch came, everyone had a piece of bread.. And because they heard the Schläge der Holzaxt, so they believed their father would be in the vicinity. It was not the wood axe, it was a horse, which had been tied to a single tree and the wind had blown it.. And when they had sat so long, their eyes fell from fatigue, and they slept soundly.. When they finally wake up, war es schon finstere Nacht. Grethel began to cry and said, "How shall we now come out of the forest?" Hansel comforted her, "Wait a little while, till the moon is up, then we shall find the way". And when the full moon was up, Hansel took his sister by the hand and went to the pebbles, which gleamed like newly struck bats and showed them the way.. They came all night and came back to their father's house at dawn.. They knocked on the door, and when the Frau aufmachte and saw that it was Hänsel und Grethel, sprach sie ihr bösen Kinder, was habt ihr so lange im Wald geschlafen, wir haben geglaubt ihr wolltet gar nicht wieder kommen. Der Vater aber freute sich, denn es war ihm zu Herzen gegangen, dass er sie so allein zurückgelassen hatte. Nicht lange danach war wieder Noth in allen Ecken, und die Kinder hörten wie die Mutter Nachts im Bette zu dem Vater sprach alles ist wieder aufgericht, wir haben noch eine Hälfte La Bribot, hernach hat das Lied Ende ein. The children must go, we want to lead them deeper into the forest, so that they do not find the way out again; there is no other way for us. The man felt heavy on his heart and he thought it would be better that you share the last bit with your children. But the woman listened to nothing, what he said, shouted at him and made him a reproach. The children were still awake and had heard the conversation with the other children, but they had not yet awakened.. When the Elders slept, Handsell again, wanted to go out and read the Kieselsteine, like the previous one, but the woman had closed the door, and Handsell could not go out. But he comforted his sister and said, "We are not, Grethel, and sleep only calmly, dear God will already help us". Early in the morning, the woman came and took the children out of bed.. They received their piece of bread, which was but still smaller than the previous one.. On the way to the forest, the hand broke in the bag, and the hand remained still, and the hand broke on the ground.. "Hänsel, where are you standing and looking at yourself?" said der Vater, "Go your way". "I'll see after mein Täubchen, das sitzt auf der Dache und will mir sagen Ade", replied Hänsel. "Fool", said the woman, "this is not your taubchen, this is the morning sun, which shines on the chimney above. "Hands but warf after and after all the bröcklein auf dem Weg". The woman led the children deeper into the forest, where they had not been their whole day. There was a big fire again, and the mother said, "Sit down, children, and if you are tired, you can sleep a little: we go into the forest and get wood, and in the evenings, when we are finished, we come and get you off".. Then they slept in, and the evening forgot, but nobody came to the poor children. They woke up in the darkest night, and Hansel comforted his sister and said, "Wait, Grethel, until the moon rises, then we'll see the breadcrumbs I've scattered, which show us the way home". When the moon came, they woke up, but they found no more breadcrumbs, because the many thousands of birds, which had flown around in the woods and fields, had picked them up.. Hänsel said to Grethel "We will find the way", but she didn't.. They went all night and night from morning to evening, but they did not come out of the forest, and were so hungry, because they had nothing but the few beers, which stood on the ground. And they were so weary that they could not bear their legs, and they lay down under a tree and slept.. They tried to go back, but they got deeper and deeper into the woods and when help didn't come soon, they had to leave.. When it was noon, they saw a beautiful snow-white bird sitting on a tree, that sang so beautifully, that they stood and listened to him. And when it was finished, it swung its wings and flew before them, and they went after it, until they reached a house, on whose roof it sat, and when they came very close to it, they saw that the house was built of bread, and covered with cakes; but the windows were of hellish sugar. "We'll have a drink, we'll have a meal, we'll have a meal".. I'll eat a piece of the roof, Grethel, you can eat from the window, that tastes sweet. Hands reaching high and breaking a little from the roof, to try to taste it, and Grethel standing in the window and knurling there.. "I'm going to the house to find a nice, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet, quiet. Hänsel, whose roof tasted very good, ripped a large piece of it down, and Grethel stood a whole round window-panel out, sat down, and that was it.. The first time I went to the door, I saw a woman standing on a tree, standing on a rock.. Hänsel and Grethel were so terrified that they fell down when they were held in the hands. The old woman shook her head and said, "Well, dear children, who brought you here? Come in and stay with me, you will not be harmed". She took both of them by the hand and led them to their homes.. Da ward gutes Essen aufgetragen, Milch und Pfannekuchen mit Zucker, Äpfel und Nüsse (milk and bread with sugar, apples and nuts) and other products of the same heading as the product. Afterwards, two beautiful little beds were covered in white, and Hansel and Gretel lay in them, and thought they were in heaven.. If one of them came to her, she would kill him, cook him, and make him a feast.. The witches have rotten eyes and cannot see far, but they have a fine witter, like the animals, and markens when people come near. When Hänsel and Grethel came near her, she laughed and said in German, "I have them, they shall not interfere with me again". Early in the morning, when the children were awake, she stood up, and when she saw them both so lovely, with their full rotten backs, she murmured before herself, "That will be a good bite".. Then she went to Grethel, and she cried, and she stood up, and she said, "Fallenzerin, trag Wasser und koch deinem Bruder etwas gutes, der sitzt draußen im Stall und soll fett werden". If he is fat, I will eat him. Grethel felt bitterly to weep, but it was all in vain, she had to do what the wicked witch wanted.. Every morning the old woman went to the stable and called out, "Hansel, stretch out your finger, so that I can feel that you are bald and fat". Hansel stretched out his little finger, and the old woman, who had dark eyes, could not see it, and thought it was Hansel's finger, and wondered that he did not want to be fat.. When four weeks had passed and her hands were still weak, she became impatient and would not wait any longer.. "Heda, Grethel, call the girl to the water, "Flink and drag the water, "Hand's might be fat or lean, "Tomorrow I'll slaughter and cook him. "Oh, how the poor sister mourns, "When she has to carry the water, "And how the tears are poured down her back. "Lord, help us, "She called out, "If we had only eaten the wild animals in the forest, "We would have died together". "Spar your teacher, "said the old woman, "It doesn't help anything. "In the early morning, Grethel had to go out, ". "First we'll go back", said the old woman, "I've already heated the oven and the fire has been knocked out". She found poor Grethel outside the oven, from which the firefighters had already broken out.. "Cry in", said the witch, "and she's to be right heated, so that we can shoot the bread in. "And when Grethel was in it, she wanted to shut the oven, and Grethel should be in it, and then she wanted to get up too".. But Grethel knew what she had in mind and said, "I don't know how I'm going to do it, how am I going to get in?" "Dummy goose", said the old woman, "the opening is big enough, you see, I could get in myself",. The Commission has also been asked to examine the possibility of a new directive on the protection of the environment against the risks arising from the use of certain substances in the production of certain products.. "Gretel loved to cry, but she was burned to death, and the wicked witch was burned to death". "Hansel, we are saved, the old witch is dead". "Hansel sprang out like a bird from the cage, when the door was opened".. How they rejoiced, how they fell on their necks, how they jumped and kissed, and because they no longer needed to fear, they entered the witch's house, where they stood in every corner, with pearls and precious stones. "Die sind noch besser als Kieselsteine" said Hänsel und stuck in seine Taschen was in wanted, und Grethel said "I will also etwas mit nach Haus bring" and filled sich sein Schürzchen voll. "But now we must go", said Hansel, "so that we may get out of the Hexenwald".. "We can't cross it", said Hansel, "I don't see any steps or bridges". "There's no ship going here either", replied Grethel, "but there's a white duck swimming, so if I die, please help us cross it".. "No", replied Grethel, "it will be too hard for the Entchens, they will bring us over to each other". "That the good Thierchen, and when they were happy and a little strong, they came to the forest, and at last they saw from afar their father's house".. They're going to run, they're going to fall into the Stube and fall into their father's neck.. The man had not had a happy hour since he left the children in the woods, but the woman had died in the war.. Grethel shook her head, and the pearls and precious stones in the room sprang from her pocket, and she threw a handful of them into the other pocket.. They had all sorrow an end, and they lived in lauter joy zusammen. My story is over, there's a mouse left, whoever catches it, gets to make a big, big pelzkappe there.