It is now long past time, that a king, whose wisdom is in all lands, should be king.. Nothing remained unknown to him, and it was as if the news of the most hidden things through the air would be carried to him.. He had a strange habit. Every morning, when everything was taken from the table and no one was there, a trusted servant had to bring a bowl.. But it was covered, and the servant himself knew not that it was therein, and no man knew it, for the king did not cover it, and it was not therein, until he was all alone.. It had been a long time, but one day the servant came and took the dish again, and the curious man, who could not resist, brought the dish into his chamber.. When he had carefully closed the door, he lifted the lid and saw that a white snake was lying in it.. At her sight he could not hold back the lust, she to cost; he cut a piece of it off and stuck it in his mouth. He had just touched his tongue, so I heard him in front of his window a strange whisper of fine voices. And when he came and heard, he found that they were the sparrows, who talked with each other and told each other all the things they had seen in the field and the forest. The genus of the snake had given him the ability to understand the language of the animals, and it turned out that on that very day the queen had found her most beautiful ring and had placed it on the trusted servant who had access to it, suspecting him of having stolen it.. The king had him brought before him and threatened him with severe torture if he did not call the theatre until morning, so that he should be seen and tried for it.. It is half nothing that he is innocent betheured, he ward mit keinem bessern Bescheid entlassen. In his unrest and anxiety he comes to the court and thinks that he can do nothing to help himself.. They sat down at a flowing water, peacefully beside each other and rested, putting their heads together and having a confidential conversation.. The servant stood and listened to them .. They told each other how they had been roaming around this morning and what good food they had found, and one said verdrießlich mir liegt etwas schwer im Magen, ich habe einen Ring, der unter der Königin Fenster lag, in der Hast mit hinunter geschluckt.  And the servant took her to the kitchen and said to the cook schlachte doch diese ab, sie ist wohl genährt.  Yes,  der Koch said, and she was in the hand, she had no trouble to get a meal and had been waiting for a long time to be fried.  She cut her neck, and when she was. The servant could now easily prove his innocence before the king, and when the latter wished to make good his wrong, he allowed him to be pardoned and promised him the greatest honourable position he desired at his court. The servant gave up everything and had only a horse and a traveling money, because he had a desire to see the world and spend some time in it.. When his request was fulfilled, he set out on his way and one day came to a pond, where he noticed three fishes, which had caught themselves in the pipe and had taken water.. Although man says, the Fische would be dumb, so hear er doch their Klage that they so miserable umkommen müßten. Because he had a pitiful heart, he got off his horse and put the three prisoners back in the water.. They trembled with joy, lifted their heads and called out to him, "We want to remember you and to repay you for saving us". He continued to ride, and after a while he heard a voice behind him, at his feet in the sand,. He heard and heard how a king of ants complained, "If only the humans with the unskillful animals of the body remained! The stupid horse with its heavy horses would trample my people without mercy down!" He went to a side road and the king of ants called him to "We want to remember you and reward you". The road led him into a forest and he saw a mother rabbit and a mother rabbit, who stood by their nest and warmed their young out.. "Fort with you, you Galgenschwengel", they called, "we can't make you more sated, you are big enough, and can't feed yourselves. "The poor boys lay on the ground, flattered and beaten with their fittichen and screaming "We are helpless children, we shall feed ourselves and can't even fly! What remains of us if here starve to death! ". The com­mon people have come to the city, they have sat down and called, they have remembered and they have been rewarded.. There was a great noise and commotion in the streets, and one came riding on a horse, and made known, "The king's daughter is looking for a husband, but if she will marry him, she must perform a difficult task, and if she cannot perform it happily, she has wasted her life". Many had tried, but their lives were wasted.. The young man, seeing the King's daughter, was so blinded by her great beauty that he forgot all danger, before the King he treated and presented himself as a freer.. Then the king called him to bring the ring from the bottom of the sea again, and added, "If you come to the heights without it, you will always be thrown down again, until you are lost in the waves".. He stood on the bank and thought he should have been shot, but he saw three fish swimming, and there were no others, only those he had saved.. The middle one held a mussel in his mouth, which he placed on the beach at the feet of the youngsters, and when they lifted it and opened it, the golden ring was there.. Full of joy he brought him to the king and expected that he would be given the promised reward. The proud King's daughter, however, when she learned that he was not her equal, despised him and demanded that he should first solve a second task. They are going to be in the garden and they 're going to be in the grass .. "The morning must come, the sun will rise, the day must have dawned", she said, "and no child must fail". The boy sat in the garden and thought about how it might be possible to solve the task, but he could not think of anything else, and sat sad and expectant at dawn to be led to death.. But when the first rays of sunlight fell in the garden, he saw the ten sacks all well filled standing beside each other, and no grain was missing in them.. The Ameisenkönig had arrived with his thousand and thousand Ameisen in the night, and the grateful animals had read the Hirsen with great Emsigkeit and collected in the Säcke. The King's daughter came to the garden and saw with amazement that the boy had brought him the war.. But she could not yet overcome her proud heart and said that he had also solved the two tasks, so he should not become my husband until he had brought me an apple from the Tree of Life. The young man did not know where the Tree of Life stood, he made himself up and wanted to go always, so long as his legs were trembling, but he had no hope of finding it. When he had been through the Three Kingdoms, he had gone into a forest and sat down under a tree to sleep, and in the east he heard a noise and a golden apple falling in his hand.. Zugleich drei Raben flogen zu ihm herab, setten sich auf seine Knie und sagten wir sind die drei jungen Raben, die du vom Hungertod errettet hast; als wir groß geworden waren und hörten, dass du den goldenen Apfel suchst, so sind wir über das Meer geflogen bis ans Ende der Welt, wo der Baum des Lebens steht, und haben dir den Apfel geholt. Voll Freude machte sich der Jüngling auf den Heimweg und brachte der schönen Königstochter den goldenen Apfel, der nun keine Ausrede mehr übrig blieb.  We were so happy to see the young man. They took the apple of life and ate it together: their hearts were filled with love for it, and they attained in undisturbed happiness a high age.