In a village there lived a poor old woman who had brought a dish of beans and wanted to cook it. And she made a fire to burn upon her flock, and to make it burn more quickly, she kindled it with a handful of straw, and made it a fire of fire, and made it a fire of fire.. When they shot the beans in the pot, they found an unnoticed one lying on the ground beside a straw; soon after, a glowing coal from the herd came out of the two beans.. "I am a good luck to have come from the fire, and if I had not done it by force, I would have died by burning to ashes". "I have come from the fire, but if the old woman had brought me to the pot, I would have been bought without mercy, like my comrades". "Were I to have a better fate?" "My brother has burned the old woman in fire and smoke, and has brought her to life six times".. Fortunately, I've been able to get through her between the fingers. Should we start now?. "I mean", replied the God, "because we are so happy to have entered the realm of death, let us keep as good companions together, so that we may not here erect a new misfortune, and emigrate in common and go to a foreign land".. Soon, however, they came to a small stream, and there was no bridge or step, so they did not know how to get across. Der Strohhalm fand guten Rath und sprach "I will mich quer über legen, so könnt ihr auf mir wie auf einer Brücke hinüber gehen". Der Strohhalm stretched himself also from one bank to the other, and the coal, which was of Hitziger's nature, tripled also all the way back to the newly built bridge.. And when they had come to the middle of the lake, and heard the water running under them, they were afraid, and stood still, and did not go any farther.. The Strohhalm aber fieng an zu brennen, Zerbrach in zwei Stücke und fiel in den Bach: die Kohle rutschte nach, found as they in Wasser kam und gab den Geist auf. Die Bohne, who had been left behind on the bank, had to laugh at the story, couldn't stop laughing so violently that she burst into tears.. Now it was also a she happened, if nicht zu gutem Glück ein Schneider, der auf der Wanderschaft war, sich an dem Bach ausruht had. Because he had a heart of gold, so he took the needle and the twist out and put it together. Die Bohne thanked him for his beauty, but since he needed a black swirl, since the beginning of time all the Bohnen have had a black night.