In the old days, when wishes did not help, there was a king whose daughters were all beautiful, but the youngest was so beautiful that the sun himself, who had seen so much, wondered how often she shone in her face.. Near the castle of the King there was a great dark forest, and in the forest under an old tree there was a well: when the day was very hot, the King's daughter went out into the forest and sat down at the edge of the cool well: and when she was bored, she took a golden ball, threw it into the air and found it again; and this was her favorite toy.. The King's daughter followed her with her eyes still, but the ball disappeared, and the fountain was deep, so deep that one could not see the reason.. She found herself crying and crying more and more and couldn 't console herself .. And as she so complained, someone called her to say, "What have you done, Königstochter, you have cried and that a stone wants to be pitied". She looked up, where the voice came from, and saw a frog, its dick was hot, its head out of the water.. "Ah, you are a good old Wasserpatscher", she said, "I came over my golden ball that fell down in the well. I can still ride, but you gave me your toy again". "Was it you, dear Frog, who wanted to have my little pearl and jewel, or the golden crown that I carried?" she said. "I wanted to have my little pearl and jewel, or the golden crown that I carried". "But if you want me to have your golden ball, I should still be your dearest toy, like a dirty little golden ball, sitting beside your golden chair, eating from your little grass, from your. The King's Daughter was full of joy, when she saw her beautiful play again, hob it up and jumped with it.. "Wait, wait, wait", cried the frog, "take me with you, I can't walk like you". But it was half him that he was her quack quack so loud nachschrie wie er konnte! She didn't listen to him, went to the house and had soon forgotten the poor frog, who had to climb down again in his fountain.. They were in a hurry to get back to the table, and they were very worried.. The king saw that her heart beat violently and said: "My child, what is the most frightening thing about you? There is a giant standing in front of the door and he wants to take you". "No", she replied, "he is not a giant, but a big frog".. And because I was crying, the frog brought her back, and because he wanted it so badly, I promised him he should be my companion, and I thought he could never get out of his water.. Now he's out and wants to come in. I knocked him out for the second time and called out. Kingstochter, youngest, make me up, you know what you said to me yesterday at the cool spring water? Kingstochter, youngest, make me up.. I'm sure you'll be glad to hear it.. When the frog was first on the chair, he wanted to be on the table, and when he sat down, he said, "Now bring me your golden plate closer, so we can eat together".. The frog lies with its gut schmecken, but you remain fast every Bisslein im Halse. Finally he said, "I have eaten my fill, and am tired, now drag me into thy Kämmerlein and make thy silk Bettlein zurecht, that we may sleep". The Königstochter found an opportunity to weep and fear the cold Frog, whom she did not marry, and now in her beautiful queen Bettlein should sleep.. The king was furious and said, "Whoever helped you when you were in the North, you must not despise him". Then she grabbed him with two fingers, dragged him up and put him in a corner.. When she was in bed, he got up and said, "I'm tired, I'll sleep as well as you do. Get me up, or I'll tell your father". When she was bitter, she got up and threw him against the wall with all her might, and now you'll have peace, you'll be a stronger frog.. The war is now over , according to her father 's will , her beloved companion and husband .. And he told her that he had been cursed by a wicked witch, and no one could have saved him from the well if she had been alone, and that tomorrow they would go together to his kingdom. Then they slept, and the next morning, when the sun woke them, came a chariot riding with eight white horses, which had white straw feathers on their heads, and came in golden chains, and behind them stood the servant of the young king, the war of the faithful Henry.. The true Heinrich had been so saddened when his master was turned into a frog that he had three iron bands laid on his heart, so that it would not be filled with sorrow and sadness.. The wagon should take the young king into his kingdom, the faithful Heinrich hob both in, and stood back on the war, full of joy over the solution.. And when they had gone a little way, the king's son heard that there was power behind him, as if something had been broken.. He turned around and cried, "Heinrich, the carriage is breaking". "No, sir, the carriage is not, it is a band of my heart, which was in great pain, as you sat in the fountain, as you were a frog". "Never again and again did the power go astray, and the king's son always meant the carriage was broken, and yet it was only the band that departed from the heart of the faithful Heinrich, because his lord was first and happy".