An einem Sommermorgen sat ein Schneiderlein auf seinem Tisch am Fenster, war guter Dinge und nähte aus Leibeskräften (A summer morning sat a Schneiderlein on his table by the window, was good things and nothing was left of his strength). When a peasant woman came down the street and cried "Good night, good night!" the Schneider's ears heard it, she put her head through the window and cried "Here up, dear woman, here she will lose her goods". The woman went up the three steps with her heavy basket to the Schneider and had to unpack the cups in front of him.. He said to them all, "Hob her in the height, hold her nose and drink and said finally "that Mus scheint mir gut, wieg sie mir doch vier Loth ab, liebe Frau, wenn auch ein Viertelpfund ist, kommt es mir nicht darauf an".. "Now, that Moses shall bless me, that he shall call me Schneiderlein, that he shall give me strength and strength, that he shall take the bread out of the cupboard, cut a piece of it over the whole body, and put the Moses over it".. "It won't taste bitter", he said, "but first I'll make the wams ready, and I'll eat". He laid the bread beside himself, and continued to make the stiche ever larger.. The smell of the sweet musk rose up to the wall, where the flies sat in great numbers, so that they were amazed and were surprised and settled on the white. "Hey, who invited you?" said das Schneiderlein, and I followed the uninvited guest for. The Fliegen aber, die kein deutsch verstanden, ließen sich nicht abweisen, sondern kamen in immer größere Gesellschaft wieder (The flyers, however, who did not understand German, did not abandon themselves, but came into an ever larger company again). "I love the Schneiderlein, and at last, as they say, the Laus über die Leber, has come out of his hell to a Tuchlappen, and I will give it to you!". If it was abzog und counted, so lagen nicht weniger als sieben before him todd und streckt die Beine. "Are you such a man?" he said, and had to admire his bravery, "that the whole city should know". And in the middle of it, the Schneider cut a belt, sewed it and stuck it with large letters: "Seven on a strike!". He was abused, searched the house for anything he could take, but found nothing but an old box, which he stuck in a. Before them Thore noticed a bird, which had caught itself in the mist, which had to go to the cheese in the bag. Now he took the way between the legs, and because it was light and behind the war, he felt no fatigue. The road led him up a mountain, and when he reached the highest peak, he sat down on a giant giant and looked at himself very similarly.. The Schneiderlein came to him, and said, "Good day, comrade, you are sitting there, watching the world go by. I am on the way there and will try to find you".. Did you want to go with me? The Giant saw the Schneider and said, "You miserable little fellow!" The Schneider answered, "I'd like to go with you". The Giant knobbed the rock and showed the Giant the belt.. But he wanted to test it first, so he took a stone in his hand and pressed it together, so that the water gushed out. "If you have the strength, you have the strength". "Is there anything else?" said Schneiderlein. "This is our one toy".. "Gelt", he said, "that was a little better?" The Giant didn't know what to say, and couldn't believe it from the man.. The giant lifted a stone and threw it so high that it could hardly be seen with the eyes: "Now, the Erpelmännchen, you have to throw it again to the earth, I will throw it, it will not come again".. The bird, happy about his freedom, climbed up, flogged hard and never came back. How do you like the pieces, comrade?. "You can throw it", said the Giant, "but now we'll see if you're able to carry something decent". He led the Schneiderlein to a mighty oak tree, which he liked to lay on the ground, and said, "If you're strong enough, help me carry the tree out of the forest". "Well", replied the little man, "if you only carry the trunk on your shoulder, I'll carry the tree with the branch on my shoulder, but that's the hardest thing".. It was a very funny and good thing, but the song was written by Schneider to the tune of "If the Tree Was a Child's Play".. The giant, after he had dragged a piece of the last heavy road, could not go on and shouted hör, ich muß den Baum fallen lassen. The Schneider sprang handily down, grabbed the tree with both arms, as if he had carried it, and spoke to the giant du bist ein so großer Kerl und kannst den Baum nicht einmal tragen. They went on together, and as they came past a cherry tree, grabbed the crown of the trees, where the most delicious fruits were hanging, bog sieb, she gave it to the Schneider in the hand and called him to eat it. The Schneiderlein was too weak to hold the tree, and when the Giese fell, the tree flew high, and Schneider was caught in the air.. When he fell again without damage, der Riese said, "What is that, you have no strength to hold the weak Gerte?" "An der Kraft fehlt es nicht", answered das Schneiderlein, "meinst du das wäre etwas für einen, der sieben mit einem Streich getroffen hat?" "I jumped over the tree, because the hunters were down in the forest shooting".. Spring after, wenn dus vermagst. Der Riese made the attempt, konnte aber nicht über den Baum kommen, sondern blieb in den Ästen hängen, also dass das Schneiderlein auch hier die Oberhand behielt. Der Riese sprach "wenn du ein so tapferer Kerl bist, so komm mit in unsere Höhle und übernachte bei uns". Das Schneiderlein was ready and followed him.. And when they came to the cave, behold, there sat other giants by the fire, and every man had a roasted sheep in his hand, and some of it.. The Schneiderlein saw himself and thought, "This is still much farther than my workshop". The Giant showed him a bed and told him to lie down and sleep.. The Schneiderlein was but the bed too big, he did not lie down in it, but crawled into a corner. When it was midnight, and the Giant thought that the Schneiderlein was in deep sleep, so he stood up, took a large iron rod and struck the bed with a blow through, and thought he had made the grasshopper the Garaus. With the early morning came the giants into the forest and had forgotten the Schneiderlein, which was once again very funny and very serious.. The giants were terrified, fearing they would be killed and loved in a single night.. After a long war, he came to the court of the royal palace, and when he found himself tired, he went to sleep in the grass.. While it was late, the people came, looked at it from all sides and lasen upon the belt, and sat upon a strike. They said, "What will the great war hero here in the midst of peace? He must be a more powerful lord". They came and reported it to the king, and thought if war should break out, he would be a more important and useful man, the man who could not be left behind at any price.. The King felt the need and sent one of his courtiers to the Schneiderlein, to offer him, if he were awake, his military service.. The delegate remained standing by the Schläfer, waited until his limbs stretched and his eyes opened, and then brought his request before the. "That's why I came here", he replied, "I'm ready to serve the King". "He was also received with honor and assigned a special apartment".. "What shall we become?" they said to each other, "if we fight and fall on one another".. Da kann unser einer nicht bestehen. They also made a decision, went to the king and asked for their farewell. "We are not made", they said, "to endure a man who strikes seven times". The king was sad that he should lose one of his loyal servants, wished his eyes had never seen him and wished he had been lost again.. But he did not trust himself to bid him farewell, for he feared that he would kill him and his people and sit on the royal throne. He's been here a long time, finally found a horse. He sent him to Schneiderlein and told him that because he was such a great war hero, he wanted to make him an Anerbieten. In a forest of his land there are two giants, who with robbery, murder, and burning have done great harm: no man may approach them without endangering his life.. If he could overcome and kill these two giants, he would give him his only daughter as wife and half the kingdom as dowry; also a hundred horsemen would ride with him and assist him.. "If it were so for a man like you", thought the Schneiderlein, "a beautiful Königstochter and half a kingdom is not offered to one every day". "Oh yes", he answered, "the Giant will already be bound, and the hundred riders are not needed: whoever hits seven on one strike, needs two before he is not afraid".. When he came to the edge of the forest, he said to his companions, "Stay here, I will be finished alone with the giants". Then he jumped into the forest and looked to the right and left.. Over a time he saw two giants: they lay under a tree and slept and snored while the horses on the ground were sleeping. The Schneiderlein, not faul, las beide Taschen voll Steine und stieg damit auf den Baum (The Schneiderlein, not faul, the two bags full of stones and climbed with it on the tree). When he was in the middle of the war, he slipped on a horse and fell on his chest, one stone after another.. The giant felt nothing for a long time, but finally he woke up, found his companion and said, "You've hit me". "You're dreaming", said the other, "I'm not hitting you".. "What shall I do?" asked the other, "why did you throw me?" "I did not throw you", answered the first and the last.. They sat there for a while, but because they were tired, they let her go, and her eyes fell back on them.. The Schneiderlein fieng sein Spiel von neuem an, sought the dicksten Stein aus and threw him the first Riesen mit all Gewalt auf die Brust. "That's too mad!" he cried, leaping like an idiot and hitting his companion across the tree that was shaking.. The other paid with the same coin, and they were so angry that they rose up and struck each other, until they both fell to the ground at the same time.. The first time I saw her was in the spring of the year. "It's a good thing", he said, "that they didn't fall out of the tree I was sitting on, or I'd have had to jump like a squirrel on another one, but one of us is a fugitive". "He drew his sword and stabbed everyone in the chest with a few powerful blows, then went out to the riders and said, 'The work is done, I've done both of the stages, but the hard work is done, they fell out of the tree and were kept safe, but that doesn't help anything when one of them falls out of the tree like me, and they strike out on a strike.'" "Are. "That's a good way", replied Schneider, "no, they have not ruined me". The riders did not want to believe him and rode into the forest: they found the giants swimming in their blood, and rings around them were the trees that had been cut down. The Schneiderlein demanded from the king the promised reward, but the king kept his promise and he really wanted to see how he could create the hero from the neck. "He'll get you my daughter and half the Reich", he said to him, "you must still be a hero to accomplish. In the forest runs a unicorn, that does great harm, that you must first catch. Before a unicorn I fear myself still less than before two giants; but after a strike, that is my business. He took a rope and an axe, went out into the forest, and had the other men, who were assigned to him, wait outside.. It took him not long to find, the unicorn came soon, and jumped straight on the Schneider los, as if he wanted to spit him out without any circumstances. "Sachte, sachte, sprach er, so schwind geht das nicht", "I remained standing and waited until the end was near", "then sprang er behendiglich hinter dem Baum". The unicorn ran with all its strength against the tree and stuck its horn so firmly in the trunk that it did not have enough strength to pull it out again, and so it was captured.. "Now I have the bird", said Schneider, "come out from behind the tree, put the rope first on the neck of the unicorn, then with the axe he pulled the horn from the tree and when all was in order he led the animal down and brought it to the king.. The Schneider should him vor der Hochzeit erst ein Wildschwein fangen, das in dem Wald großen Schaden that; the Jäger should ihm Beistand leisten. "Gerne", said der Schneider, "this is a child's game. "The hunters took him not with them into the forest, and they were well satisfied, because the wild boar had already received him so many times that they had no desire to follow him. When the pig saw the Schneider, it loved him with a foaming mouth and wetten teeth, and wanted to throw him to the ground: the fugitive hero jumped into a chapel, which was nearby, and immediately went out the window in a sentence again. The pig was behind him her gelaufen, er aber hüpfte außen herum und schlug die Thüre behind him zu; the pig that was behind him captured, das viel zu schwer und unhelflich war, um zu dem Fenster hinaus zu springen. The Schneiderlein called the Jäger herbei, who had to see the prisoner with their own eyes: the hero but committed himself to the king, who now, whether he liked it or not, had to keep his promise and gave him his daughter and half the kingdom. Had he known that no Kriegsheld but a Schneiderlein stood before him, he would have gone even more to Herzen. The wedding was also celebrated with great pomp and joy, and made a king of a tailor. After a while, the young queen heard in the night how her husband in a dream spoke, "Boy, make me the wams and flick me the trousers, or I will tell her to slap me over the ears". When she realized in which street the young lord was born, she complained to her father in the morning, "I'm sorry, but I want to help you, there's nothing else but a tailor".. The King spoke to her consolation and said, "Let the next night your bedroom be open, my servants shall stand outside and, when he has fallen asleep, enter, bind him and carry him on a ship, which will take him to the wide world". The woman was satisfied with this, but the King's armor-bearer, who had heard all that had happened, had weighed down and brought back to the young Herr the whole of the attack. "I will give them a Riegel for their eyes", said das Schneiderlein. In the evening he went to bed with his wife, as usual: when she thought he was asleep, she got up, opened the door, and went to bed again.. The Schneiderlein, which only appeared as if it were sleeping, heard a voice calling out, "Young man, make me the Wams and flick me the pants, or I will smite you over the ears!" I have met seven with a strike, two Giants have been killed, a Unicorn has been captured, and a Wildschwein has been captured, and I should have stood before the brave ones who stand outside the Chamber!. Also war und blieb das Schneiderlein sein Lebtag ein König. I was in the army and I was in the army.