A rich man whose wife was sick, and when she felt that her end was near, she called her only daughter to herself and said, "Dear child, stay with me and be good, so will your love be with God forever, and I will look down on you from heaven, and will be with you".. The girl went out every day to the grave of her mother and wept and remained from the grave.. When winter came, the snow covered the grave with a white cloth, and when the sun had again drawn it down in the spring, the man took another woman, and the woman brought home two daughters, beautiful and white in face, but black and dark in heart.. It was a bad time for the poor Stiefkind .. "Soll die dumme Gans bei uns in der Stube sit!" she said, "Whoever wants to eat bread, must be worthy of it: go out with the kitchen maid". She took his beautiful clothes off, gave him a gray old Kittel an, and gave him her shoes.. "See once the proud princess, how she is put down!" "She called, laughed and led him into the kitchen".. I had to work from morning till evening, get up early, carry water, make fire, cook and wash.. The sisters, all of them, were so excited to see him, that they threw him into the ash and threw the peas and lentils at him, so that he had to sit and read them again.. In the evening, when he had worked hard, he came to no bed, but had to lie beside the herd in the ashes.. And because it was always dusty and dirty, they called it Aschenputtel. It was true that the father wanted to go to Mass once, so he asked the two stepdaughters what he should bring them?. "But you, Aschenputtel", he said, "what do you want?" "Father, the first king, who stops you on your way home in the hut, breaks for me". "He bought now for the two stepsisters beautiful clothes, pearls and precious stones, and on the way back, as he rode through a green bush, streifte him an haselreis und stieß ihm the hut ab. The bride and groom are not allowed to enter the house.. When he came to the house, he gave the Stieftöchtern what they had wished for, and the Aschenputtel gave him the Reis von dem Haselbusch. Aschenputtel thanked him, went to his mother's grave and planted the Reis upon it, and wept so much that the Thränen upon it lay down and was buried. It grew but, and became a beautiful tree. Aschenputtel came every day three times under it, wept and prayed, and all came a white bird on the tree, and when it expressed a wish, so warf him das Vöglein herab what it had desired. It happened however, that der König anstellte ein Fest, das drei Tage dauern sollte, und wozu alle schöne Jungfrauen im Land wurden eingeladen, so sich sein Sohn eine Braut aussuchen möchte. The two stepsisters, when they heard that they should also appear, were good things, called Cinderella, and said "kämm uns die Haare, bürste uns die Schuhe und mache uns die Schnallen fest, wir gehen zur Hochzeit auf des Königs Schloß". Cinderella listened, but wept, because it would also like to join the dance, and battief the Cinderella she wants to be allowed. "You're full of dust and dirt, and you want to go to the wedding? You have no clothes and shoes, and you want to dance!" "But if you want to dance", she said, "I've poured a bowl of lentils into the ashes, and if you've read the lentils again in two hours, you'll have to go with me". "The girl went through the back door to the garden and called out, 'His hands are tied, his turtle-tubes, all her birds come to the sky, and help me read the good ones, the bad ones, and the good ones".. And the Täubchen took with the Köpfchen and the fiengen a pik, pik, pik, pik, and the rest of the fiengen also a pik, pik, pik, pik, and all the good Körnlein in the Schüssel. It was only an hour ago, so they were already ready and flown all the way out.. Da brachte das Mädchen die Schüssel der Stiefmutter, freute sich und glaubte es dürfte nun mit auf die Hochzeit gehen (She brought the girl to the Stiefmother's cup, was happy and believed that she should now go with me to the wedding). But she said, "No, Aschenputtel, you have no clothes, and you can't dance: you will only be laughed at". As she now wept, she said, "If you can read two full glasses of lenses in an hour from the ashes, you should go with me". And she thought, "That can be done forever".. And the Täubchen took with their Köpfchen und Fiengen a pik, pik, pik, pik, and the rest of the Fiengen also a pik, pik, pik, pik, and all the good Körner in the Schüsseln. And then half an hour later, they were ready, and they all flew out again.. Da trug das Mädchen die Schüsseln zu der Stiefmutter, freute sich und glaubte nun dürfte es mit auf die Hochzeit gehen (The girl who is happy and believes that she should not have to go with him to the wedding). But she said, "It doesn't help you at all: you don't come with me, you don't have clothes and you can't dance, we mustn't be ashamed of you". So she turned her back on him and went with her two proud daughters to the fort. When no one was home, the ashenputtel went to his mother's grave under the hazel tree and called, "Bäumüttchen, rel dich und schüttel dich wirf Gold und Silber über mich".. In all the Eile zog es das Kleid an und gieng zur Hochzeit. His sisters and his stepmother knew it not, and thought it must be a strange king's daughter, so beautiful was it in the golden robe. An aschenputtel thought sie gar nicht und thought es säße daheim im Schmutz und suchte die Linsen aus der Asche. The King's son came to him, took him by the hand, and danced with him.. He wanted to dance with no one else, so he wouldn't let go of his hand, and when someone else came to ask him, he said, "That's my dancer". He danced until evening, and then he went home.. The King's son said, "I'll go with you, because I want to see the beautiful girl".. She caught him and jumped into the Taubenhaus .. Now the king's son's father came and told him that the strange girl had jumped into the Taubenhaus. The old man thought it must be the aschenputtel, and they had to bring him an axe and a hawk, so that he could beat the Taubenhaus twice: but there was no one in it. And when they came into the house, Aschenputtel lay in his dirty clothes in the ashes, and a trubes Öllämpchen burnt in the Schornstein; and Aschenputtel was schwind aus dem Taubenhaus hinten herab gesprungen, and war zu den Haselbäumchen gelaufen: and had absohen es die schöne Kleider abgen und aufs Grab gelegt, and der Vogel had sie wieder weggenommen, and then had es sich in seinem grauen Kittelchen in die Küche zur Asche gesetzt. And another day, as das Fest von neuem anhub, and the Eltern und Stiefsch. And when he appeared with this dress on the wedding, everyone was amazed at his beauty.. The King's son had waited for her to come, took her by the hand and danced alone with her.. When the others came and asked him, he said, "This is my dancer". When it was evening, he wanted to go to the fort, and the king's son went to him, and wanted to see in what house he was going, but he ran to the fort and to the garden behind the house.. In it stands a beautiful big tree and the most beautiful birnen hiengen, it climbed so fast like an Eichhorn between the ears, and the Königssohn knew not where it had come from. He waited till his father came and spoke to him. The strange girl was entangled in me, and I believe she jumped on the Birnbaum. The father thought it must be the Aschenputtel, so he took the axe and climbed the tree, but there was no one on it.. And when they came into the kitchen, Aschenputtel lay there in the ashes, as usual, because it was on the other side of the tree, had jumped down, had brought the Vogel auf dem Haselbäumchen the beautiful clothes again and his gray Kittelchen was put on. On the third day, when the Eltern und Schwestern were strong, Aschenputtel came back to his mother Grab and spoke to the Bäumchen Bäumchen, rüttel dich und schüttel dich, werf und Gold Silber mich über.  Nun warf ihm der Vogel ein Kleid herab, das war so prächtig und glän. When she came in her wedding dress, she knew all was not well.. The King's son danced all alone with him, and when one asked him, he said, "This is my dancer". When it was evening, Aschenputtel wanted to go, and the King's son wanted to accompany him, but he was so hasty that he could not follow.. The king's son had used a list, and had let the whole staircase with the best of luck: the war, as it came down, the left Pantoffel des Mädchens remained hanging. The King's son hob him up, and he was small and pretty and all golden. The next morning he brought it to the man, and said to him, "No other woman shall be like my wife, whose feet fit this golden shoe". The two sisters were delighted, for they had beautiful feet.. The Elder came with the shoe in the chamber and wanted to try it on, and the Mother stood by. But she could not come in with the big toe, and the shoe was too small for her, so her mother gave her a knife and said to the toe: "When you are queen, you don't need to walk anymore". The girl took the toe, put her foot in the shoe, got out of the pain and went out to the king's son.. He took her as his bride on horseback, and rode with her to the fort.. They had to go past the Grabe, they sat the two Täubchen auf dem Haselbäumchen, and called "Schuh", "Schuh", "Blut ist im Schuh": "Der Schuh ist zu klein", "Die rechte Braut sitzt noch daheim". They looked at her foot and saw how the blood was coming out.. He wanted his horse, brought the fake bride back to the house and said that wasn't the right thing, the other sister should put on the shoe. They came to the Chamber and came with the Hell happily in the Shoe, but the Horse was too big. The girl took a piece of the heel off, put her foot in the shoe, overcame the pain and went out to the king's son. He took her as his bride on horseback and rode her to the fort .. When they passed the Haselbäumchen, the two Täubchen sat on it and called "Schuhke di Guck, Schuhke di Guck, Blut ist im Schuck: der Schuck ist zu klein, die rechte Braut sitzt noch daheim". He looked down at her feet and saw blood coming from the Schuh, and a white Strümpfen all red her upper body.. He loved his horse, and brought the false bride back to the house.. "That is not the right", he said, "Have you no other daughter?" "No", said the man, "only my dead wife is still a little girl, but she cannot possibly be the bride". "The king's son said he should send her up", replied the mother, "but no, she is too dirty to be seen".. He washed his hands and face, then came to the king's son, who gave him the golden shoe.. Then he sat on a donkey, pulled his foot out of the heavy wooden shoe and put it in his slipper, which he had put on.. And when he stood up in the height and the king saw him in the face, so he recognized the beautiful girl, who had danced with him, and cried "This is the right bride!" The stepmother and the two sisters were frightened and became pale from anger: but he took the aschenputtel on horseback and rode with him to the fort. When they came past the Haselbäumchen, they called the zwei weißen Täubchen rucke di guck, rucke di guck, kein Blut im Schuck: der Schuck ist nicht zu klein, die rechte Braut, die führt er heim. And when they had called, they came both of them flew down and sat down on the Aschenputtel auf die Schultern, eine rechts, die andere links, und blieben da sit. When the wedding with the Königssohn was to be held, the false Sisters, wanted to einschmeicheln und Theil an seinem Glück nehmen. When the bride and groom now come to the church, the oldest on the right, the youngest on the left, they pick the tauben of each one from one eye. Hereafter, when they came out, the eldest on the left and the youngest on the right would pick the tauben one from each other's eyes. And they were also punished for their wickedness and falsehood with blindness on their lips.