Once upon a time, a king's son had the desire to go out into the world and take no one with him as his faithful servant.. One day he was in a great forest, and when evening came, he could not find a lodging and did not know where he should spend the night.. He saw a girl, he went to a little house to get some food, and when he came nearer, he saw that the girl was young and beautiful. "My dear child, can I and my servant find an accommodation in the house for the night?" "Yes", said the girl in a sad voice, "you may well, but I will not let you go there; do not go in".. The girl sighed and said, "My stepmother treibt böse Künste, she means not well with strangers". She realized that he had come to the house of a witch, but because it was dark, and he could not go on, he did not fear, so he treated her like a. Die Alte sat auf einem Lehnstuhl beim Feuer, und saw with her red eyes the stranger an. "Good evening, "she snorted, and that very kindly, "let you down, and rest you out. "She was the Kohlen an, bei welchen she in einem kleinen Topf etwas kochte. The daughter warned the two to be careful, nothing to eat and nothing to drink, because the old man had a bad drink. They slept quietly until the early morning. When they were ready to depart, the old woman said, "Wait a moment, I will give you a drink to say goodbye". While she was taking him, the king's son rode off, and the servant, who had to strap on his saddle, was alone, as the wicked witch with the drink came.. "Bring it to your master", she said, but in that instant the glass and the gift sprinkled on the horse, and the war was so fierce that the animal fell down dead.. The servant loved his master after and told him what had happened, but would not leave the saddle in the saddle and loved him back to Holen. As he approached the dead horse, he sat on it and sat down.. "We know if we can find something better today", said the servant, "but you killed the rabbit and took him with you".. Now they're in the forest all day long, but they couldn't get out.. At the dawn of the night they found a Wirthshaus and entered it.. The servant gave them the host the ravens, which they should prepare for dinner. They were but in eine Mördergrube gerathen, und in der Dunkelheit kamen zwölf Mörder und wollten die Fremden umbringen und berauben. And they sat down at the table, and the host and the witch sat down with them, and they ate a bowl of soup, which was cut into the meat of the rabbit.. They had just swallowed a few bites of the meat, so they fell all dead, because the rabbit had taken the gift of the horse meat.. There was now nobody more in the house except the daughter of the landlord, who had taken no part in the wickedness and wickedness of the house.. She opened all the Thurens to the stranger and showed him the hidden treasures .. The king's son, however, said he would keep everything, he would have nothing of it and went on with his servant. After they had been long gone, they came to a city where a beautiful but over-mutual king's daughter was, who had been made to know who had given her a carriage that she could not miss, that should become her bridegroom: but when she was gone, he had to have the head abolished. Three days she had time to think, but she was so clever that she always arrived at the scheduled time. There were nine who had died in this way, when the King's son, dazzled by their beauty, wanted to put his life in their hands.. And he went before her, and gave her his book, and said, What is it? And he said, What is it? And he said, She did not know what war was, but she did not bring it out: and she put her book in her hand, but she did not stand in it: and she put her book in her hand, but she did not put it out: and she put her book in her hand, but she did not put it out: and she put her book in her hand, but she did not put it out: and she put her book in her hand, but she did not put it out: and she put her book in her hand, but she did not put it out. She knew she could not help herself, so she ordered her maid to sleep in the master's bedroom, to listen to his dreams, and thought he might come back in his sleep and betray the ruler.. But the wise servant had laid himself in the bed instead of the master, and when the maid came, he tore off the cloak in which she had covered herself, and led her with Ruth out. On the second night, the king's daughter sent her chambermaid, who was to see if she was better off with a servant, but the servant took her coat and took her out with Ruth.. Now the lord thought for the third night to be safe and lay down in his bed, and the king's daughter herself, having put on a misty-grey cloak, sat down beside him.. And when she thought he was sleeping and dreaming, she dreamed him again and hoped he would answer in his dream, as many have done: but he was awake and understanding and heard everything very well.. When asked what it was, she replied, "A rabbit from a dead and poisoned horse fell and died". She asked, "What was it?" And she said, "It was twelve murderers who devoured the rabbit and died". When she heard of the horse, she wanted to hide, but he held her cloak, so she had to leave it behind.. The next morning, the King's daughter announced that she had made a mistake, and the twelve judges came and loosed it before them.. But the young man answered and said, "She has been to me in the night and has asked me, for otherwise she would not have been mistaken". The Judges said, "Bring us a sign".