Once upon a time, a girl, a bird and a sausage had been brought together in a company, had run a household, lived long and comfortably in peace, and had been given a treasure.. The first is that the work of the Vögelchens war, that is daily im Wald fliegen und Holz beibringen müßte. The mouse should carry water, light the fire and set the table, the sausage should cook, the man who is happy is always looking for new things, and one day the bird encounters another bird on the way, and he has a wonderful opportunity to tell and laugh.. The same other bird must be but an arm's length, the great work, the two to house but good days would have. For if the Mouse had brought her fire and water, she would have gone to her chamber to rest until she was called to the table.. The sausage remained in the harbour, to see that the food was well cooked, and when the time for the meal was soon over, it was taken a little further through the bread or the meat, and then it was crushed, salted and prepared.. Then the little bird came home and laid down its burden, and sat down at the table, and after having eaten, slept until the next morning, and that was a wonderful life. The little bird wanted to stop being in the wood, saying it had been long enough, and had to be a fool, and try it another way.. And as the mouse and the sausage fought fiercely for it, so the bird was master: it had to be brave, play its way, and come loose on the sausage, which had to carry wood, the mouse was cook, and the bird should fetch water.. It was so long before the Wurstlein arrived that nothing good happened to them both, and the Voglein flew out into the air.. Unless a dog is found on the road, the poor Bratwürstlein is freed but found, packed and made to fall. The little bird also complained of this as one of the most obvious robberies against the dog, but it was half a word, because, spoke the dog, he would have found false letters at the Bratwurst, therefore it would have been lost to him for life.. They were very sad, but compared themselves to the best to do and be together to stay. The bird therefore decked the table and the mouse prepared the food, and wanted to prepare it, and in the harbour, as before the sausage, through the sausage, the same to melt: but before they came to the middle, they were stopped and had to leave the skin and hair and the life therein.. The bird was in the wood, and searched, and sought, but could not find its cook.. For want of care the fire in the wood, and a fountain, was kindled; and the birds brought water to the water, and the water fell on him in the fountain, and he was ashamed, because he could not recover himself, and he was drowned.