A widow had two daughters, one of whom was beautiful and industrious, the other married and failing. She had but the hßliche und faule, because she her right daughter was, viel lieber, and the other had to all work and the aschenputtel im Haus. The poor girl had to sit every day on the main street by a well, and had to spin so much that blood was dripping from her fingers.. Now it happened that the spoon was once very bloody, and he put it in the well to wash it, but it fell out of his hand and fell down.. We wept, loved the stepmother and told her the misfortune. She was so fierce and so ruthless that she said, "If you let the sphere fall, you can raise her up again". Then the girl went back to the well and did not know what to do.. He lost his mind, and when he awoke and found himself again, he was on a beautiful meadow where the sun shone and many thousands of flowers stood. On this Wise come strong and come to a back-of-the-war full of bread; but the bread is cold, see me out, see me out, otherwise I burn: I'm already long out of the baking.. Then he went on and came to a tree, and there he was full of apples, and called him to each other, and said, "Shut up, shut up, we're all apples". And he shook the tree, and the apples fell as if they were raining, and shook it until no one was up there anymore; and when they had all gathered together in one heap, he went on again.. Finally he came to a small house, where he saw an old woman, because she had such big teeth, he was afraid, and he wanted to run away. The old woman called him afterwards, "What are you afraid of, dear child? Stay with me, if you want to do all the work in the house properly, so shall it be well done".. You must only take care that you make my bed well and that you lift it up diligently, that the feathers fly, then it snows in the world *); I am the Frau Holle.. It was also a good life with her, no bad words, and all the days friends and brothers. Now it was a long time with Mrs Holle, she was sad and knew at first that she was not missing him, but at last she realized that it was home; that it was a thousand times better to come to her than to the house, so she had a longing for her. Finally I said to her: "I have received the grief at home, and if it goes well for me here below, I cannot stay any longer, I must go up to my people". Mrs. Holle said: "I like it that you long for home, and because you have served me so well, I will bring you up again".. The Thor was lifted up, and as the maiden just below stood, fell a mighty golden rain, and all the gold remained on him, *) So says man in Hessen, wenn es schneit, die Frau Holle macht ihr Bett. so dass es über und über davon bedeckt war. "You shall have it, because you have been so diligent", said Frau Holle, "and give him the spoon again, which he has fallen into the well".. Then the door was shut, and the girl was at the top of the world, not far from her mother's house: and when she came to the court, the rooster sat on the fountain and cried, "Kikeriki, our golden Jungfrau is here again". When she came to her mother, and because she was so covered with gold, she was well received by her and her sister. The girl told everything that had happened to her, and when the mother heard how the great wealth had come, she wanted to give her other poor and lazy daughter the pleasure of happiness.. She had to sit and spin in the fountain, and to keep her spindle from bleeding, she stuck her finger in it and stuck her hand in the spindle.. Then she threw the spoon into the well and jumped in .. They came, like the others, to the beautiful meadow and walked their own paths.. When she went to the oven, she cried, "Bread again, watch me, watch me, watch me, otherwise I'll burn, I've been baking for a long time".. Soon as she came to the apple tree, she called, "Each, shake me, shake me, we're all apples with each other". She answered, "You're right, it could have fallen on my head, and I'd have been killed".. When she came to the house of Mrs. Holle, she was not afraid, for she had heard of her big teeth, and she immediately joined her.. On the first day she was violent, was industrious and followed Mrs. Holle, when she said something to her, because she thought of the many gold she would give her; on the second day she was already in a state of failing, was driven even more, and did not want to get up in the morning. She also made the woman take the bed not as she should, and shake it not, that the feathers should fly. The ward the Frau Holle soon müde und told ihr the service auf. The Faule was satisfied and thought that the Golden Rain would come; the Frau Holle led her also to the Thor, as she stood underneath, guarding instead of the Goldes a large Kessel voll Pech ausgeschüttet. "This is the reward for your services", said Frau Holle und Schloss das Thor zu. Da kam die Faule heim, aber sie war ganz mit Pech bedeckt, und der Hahn auf dem Brunnen, when he saw her, cried kikeriki, unsere schmutzige Jungfrau ist wieder hie. Das Pech aber blieb fest an ihr hängen und wollte, so lange sie lebte, nicht abgehen. She was not able to go to the house, and she was not able to go to the bathroom.