A man had seven sons and still no daughters, so very much he wanted to; finally his wife gave him good hope for a child, and we came to the world, and there was a girl. The joy was great, but the kind was weak and small, and should have died because of its weakness.. The father sent one of the boys to the spring to get water, but the other six loved him because each one wanted to be the first to get water, so he sent them to the spring to get water.. They stood there and didn't know what to do, and nobody dared to go home. When they never came back, the father was impatient and said "we have forgotten again about a game, the godless boys". He was afraid the girls must be separated and in anger called him "I wanted the boys all to be ravens". As soon as the word was spoken, he heard a whirl over his head in the air, looked up and saw seven coal-black ravens flying up and away. The parents could not take back the desire, and so sad they were over the loss of their seven sons, consoled they were a dearer yet through their beloved daughters, which soon came to strength, and with each day became more beautiful. It was long time not once that it had had a brother, because the parents took care not to mention her, until it was one day of about the people talking of themselves heard, the girl would be well beautiful, but yet actually guilty of the misfortune of his seven brothers. He was very sad, went to his father and mother and asked if he had brothers and where they had gone? Now the parents could not keep the secret any longer, but said that it was the fate of heaven and his birth was only the innocent cause. But the girl made herself a daily conscience and believed she must redeem her brother. He had no peace and no rest, until he had secretly set out into the wide world, his brother had been found and freed, and he wanted to be free.. He took nothing with him but a ring from his parents to remember, a loaf of bread for the hungry, a jug of water for the thirsty, and a little water for the weary.. They came to the sun, but the war was too hot and terrible, and fried the little children. He loved the moon, but the war was too cold and too cruel and evil, and when he saw the child, he said, "I am rich, rich, human flesh". So he made himself strong and came to the stars, who were kind and good to him, and each sat on his special chair.. The Morning Star stood up, gave him a Hinkelbeinchen and said, "If you don't have the Beinchen, you can't open the Glasberg, and in the Glasberg there are your brothers". The girl took the Beinchen, wrapped it in a little cloth, and went back to the fort so long as it was in the Glasberg.. The Thor was closed and he wanted to bring the bones back, but like the Tüchlein, he was lost, and he had lost the gift of the good star. Was it supposed to start now? His brother wanted to rescue him and had no key to the Glassberg. The good sister took a knife, cut off a little finger, stuck it in the door and locked it happily.. When he went into the war, he came to a dwarf girl, who said, "My kind, was that you?". The dwarf said, "The Lord of the Rabbit is not at home, but you want to wait here until he comes, so come in". Then the dwarf brought the food of the rabbit into the house on seven plates and into seven cups, and from each plate into the sister's cup, and from each cup into the sister's cup, and into the last cup into the ringlet, which he had taken with him. Once upon a time, the dwarf heard a whirlwind in the air, and said, "The Lord of the Rabbit has come home". When they came, they wanted to eat and drink, and looked for their plates and cups.. "Who has eaten from my plate and drunk from my cup? This is the mouth of one man. " And as the seven stood at the end of the cup, they gave him the small ring. And he saw it, and knew that it was a ring of father and mother, and said, God grant, our little sister be here, and we shall be saved. And the maiden that stood behind the door, and heard the voice, and saw the desire, and was born again, and all the ravens were changed into their human form.. They gave each other a kiss and then went home rejoicing.