Once upon a time, there was a little sweet girl who loved everyone, but her grandmother, who didn't know what she should give her child. Once she gave him a cap of rothem Sammet, and because he was so well dressed, and wanted nothing more to wear, he called it just the cap of rothem Sammet.. One day his mother said to him, "Rothkäppchen, you have a piece of cake and a bottle of wine, bring that to your grandmother, she is sick and weak and will be working on it".. You're going to get hot, and when you come out, you're going to fall and break the glass, and the grandmother won't have anything.. And when you come to her room, don't forget to say good morning and don't look around the room. I'll make everything all right.. The grandmother lived outside in the forest, half an hour from the village.. We now have a Rothkäppchen in the woods, and we have met the wolf.. Rothkäppchen but knew not that it was for a bad man Their war and feared not before him. Guten Tag, Rothkäppchen, sprach er. "Where do you live, Rothkäppchen?" "Where is your grandmother?" "What have you brought under the skirt?" "We have baked yesterday, so that the sick and weak grandmother can do something good and be strengthened". "Rothkäppchen, where does your grandmother live?" "A good quarter of an hour further in the forest, under the three big oak trees, there stands her house, below are the Nußhecken, you will know", said Rothkäppchen.. The wolf thought to himself, "This is a young thing, this is a fetter, this will taste even better than the old: you must begin to do it cleverly, so that you both will be caught". He went a little way alongside the red-headed girl, and then said, "Red-headed girl, look at the beautiful flowers that are all around, why don't you look at yourself? I don't think you hear the birds singing so sweetly. You go to school, and it's so fun to go out in the woods. Red-headed girl, look at the sunshine, and see the trees and the flowers, and. And if one had broken, meant it further out, one would have stood more beautiful, and darker, and older, deeper into the forest. The Wolf but came to the house of the Grandmother, and knocked a die Thüre. Who is outside? Red cats, bringing food and wine, going to bed. Drinking only on the bed, calling the grandmother, I am too weak and cannot get up.. Then he took off her clothes, put on her coat, lay down in her bed and pulled the curtains. But after the flowers had run round, and when it had gathered so much that it could no longer bear, the grandmother believed him again and he made his way to her. It was a wonder that the door was opened, and as he was in the room, he thought, "Oh, my God, how frightened I am to see my mother today, and how I am so happy to see my grandmother!". Then he went to bed and pulled the curtain back. He saw his grandmother, and the door was set in his face, and he looked so wonderful.. "Hey, Grandmother, what have you got for big ears! " "That I can hear you better". "Hey, Grandmother, what have you got for big eyes!" "That I can see you better". "Hey, Grandmother, what have you got for big hands!" "That I can hold you better". "But, Grandmother, what have you got for an entertaining big mouth!" "That I can eat you better".. The hunter came to the house and thought, "How can the old woman snore? You must see if she has something wrong". He went into the room and saw that the wolf was there.. "I found you here, old man", he said, "I've been looking for you for a long time". Now he wanted to put his books away, because he thought a wolf might have eaten his grandmother, and she would still be alive.. When he had gotten a few cuts, he saw the red caps shining, and after a few cuts, the girl jumped out and cried, "Each, I was shocked, as the wolf was so dark in his body!" And then the old grandmother also came out alive and could not be killed. The wolf was so angry that he ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf ran away from the house, and the wolf. Rothkäppchen aber hütete sich und ging gerade fort seines Weges und sagte der Großmutter, dass es dem Wolf begegnet wäre, der ihm guten Tag gewünscht, aber so böse aus den Augen gesehen hätte: "If I had not been on the street, he would have eaten me". "Come", said the Großmutter, "we want to close the door, so that he cannot enter". "Soon after the wolf knocked and called, Großmutter, I am the Rothkäppchen, I will bring you back".. But the Großmutter merkte was er im Sinn hatte. Now stand before the house a great stone trough, and speak to the child, "I've bought the Eimer, Rothkäppchen, yesterday I bought the Würste, and the water trough, in which you are bought, in the trough. Rothkäppchen trough so long, until the great big trough is completely war. The smell of the sausage rose up the wolf's nose, he sniffed and looked down, finally made his neck so long that he could no longer hold himself, and began to slide: so he slipped from the roof of the cave, right into the great trough and drowned. Rothkäppchen aber gieng fröhlich nach Haus, und dass ihm niemand etwas zu Leid. (It is not that he is not happy, but that he is not happy.)