Once upon a time in a country there was a great complaint about a wild boar, that killed a farmer, that killed a cow, and that killed a man and his sheep.. The King promised a great reward to anyone who would rid the land of this plague, but the beast was so great and strong that no one dared to go near the forest, where it was housed.. Finally the king was informed that the wild boar had been captured or killed so that his only daughter could marry him.. The oldest, the cleverest and the smartest, that's from Hochmuth, the youngest, the innocent and the stupidest, from Gutem Herzen. The King said, "If you want to be safer than the animals, you must go to the forest on the opposite side".. And when the youngest one had gone a little way, a little man came to him, who had a black sword in his hand, and said, "I give you this sword because your heart is innocent and good, so that you may trust in the wild boar, and it will not hurt you".. Not long after he saw the beast, which ran at him, he held him up against the spear, and in his blindness the wrath ran so violently into him that his heart was cut in two. He took the beast on his shoulders and went home to bring it to the king, but when he came out of the forest, he found himself entering a house where people were drinking and dancing.. His elder brother had entered and thought the pig had left him but not for him, so he wanted to drink his right mouth. When he saw the youngest, who had come out of the forest with his prey, his heart was troubled.. He called him to come in, but, dear brother, rest and strengthen yourself with a cup of wine. The youngest, who was not afraid of anything, went in and told him of the good man who had given him a piece of bread with which he would have killed the pig.. The oldest held him until the evening, when they came together again.. And when they came over the bridge in the dark, the elder went before the younger, and when he was in the midst of the water, he smote him from behind, and he fell down dead.. He buried it under the bridge, then took the pig and brought it to the king with the assumption that it had been killed; after which he received the king's daughter as his wife. When the youngest brother didn't want to come back, he said that the pigs would have torn his body apart, and that everyone believed, but since nothing is hidden from God, this black man should also come to light.. After many years, a shepherd once drove his flock over the bridge and saw a snow-white knuckle lying in the sand and thought there was a good mouthpiece.. He climbed up, hobbed it up and carved a mouthpiece for his horn.. When he had first blown on it, so fieng das Knöchlein to the great astonishment of the shepherds themselves and to sing. Ach, du liebes Hirtelein, du bläst auf meinem Knöchelein, mein Bruder hat mich erschlagen, unter der Brücke begraben, um das wilde Schwein, für die Königs Töchterlein. It was for a wonderful horn, said the shepherd, that he sang, which I must bring to the Herr König.. The King understood it well, and had the earth under the bridge dug up, and the whole body of the Erschlagenen brought to view. The evil brother could not die that not läugnen, was in ein Sack genäht und lebendig erkauft, die Gebeine des Gemordeten aber wurden auf den Kirchhof in ein schönes Grab zur Ruhe gelegt.