Once upon a time there was a poor woman who had a son, and because she was fortunate enough to have him when she was born, she was told that she would have the king's daughter when she was fourteen.. It happened that the king soon afterwards came into the village, and no one knew that it was the king, and when he asked the people what news there was, they answered that in those days a child with a lucky face was born: was so one unternimmt, das schlägt ihm zum Glück aus. It is also foretold to him, in his fourteenth year, that he should have the daughter of the king for a wife. The king, who had a bad heart and was annoyed by the prophecy, went to the parents, who were very friendly and said to their poor people, "Leave me your child, I will take care of it". At first they refused, but because the gold of foreigners was heavy for it, and they thought it was a kind of happiness, it must be to his best advantage, so they finally gave him the child. The king put her in a shaft and rode on with her to a deep water: there was a war between the Schel. So they swam to two miles from the King's capital, where a great war was fought, and the Wehrmacht was hanged.. A young man, who fortunately had noticed her, took her with a hook to find great treasures, but when he did, a handsome boy, who was very fresh and lively, was there.. He brought him to the Müllersleuten, and because they had no children, they rejoiced and said, "God has blessed us with this". They took care of the Fündling well, and he grew in all virtues. It was believed that the King once saw a thunderstorm in the Mühle trat and the Müllersleuten asked whether the big Junge was their son. "No", they replied, "he is a Fündling, he was swum in a Schachtel an der Wehr fourteen Jahre vor, und der Mahlbursche hat ihn aus dem Wasser gezogen". "The King realized that it was no one else, but the Glückskind, who had been thrown into the water, and said, 'His good people, could the Junge nicht einen Brief an die Frau Königin bringen, ich will ihm zwei Goldstücke zum Lohn geben?' " "How does the King Herr gebietet?" replied the people, and told the young man to be ready. The king wrote a letter to the queen, saying that the boy with the letter should be killed and buried, and that all this should be done before he returned. The boy took the letter with him on his way, but got lost and spent the evening in a large forest.. In the darkness, there is a small light, which comes to a house. When he came in, he saw an old woman at the fire all alone.. She was frightened when she saw the boy and said: "Where did you come from and where are you going?" He answered: "I come from the mill, and I want to bring a letter to the Queen, because I have lost my way in the forest, so I wanted to spend the night here".. Soon after the robbery and the murder of the young man,. "Ah", said the old woman, "he is an innocent child, he has lost himself in the forest, and I have taken him out of mercy: he should bring a letter to the Queen".. When the hard-hearted robber Mitleid found out, the Führer tore up the letter and wrote another one, and it was written in it so that when the boy came, he should be married immediately to the King's daughter.. They left him then quiet till the next morning on the bench, and when he woke up, they gave him the letter and showed him the right way. The Queen, however, when she had received and read the letter, which contained the words, that a magnificent wedding feast was to be arranged, and the King's daughter was to be married to the Glückskind; and the boy was beautiful and friendly, so she was pleased and satisfied with him.. "How did that go?" He said, "I have in my letter a very different order". He handed the letter to the Queen and said he would like to see for himself what was in it.. The King read the letter and noticed that it had been exchanged for another.. He asked the boy who had brought the letter, why he had brought someone else.. "I know of nothing", he answered, "but I must be changed in the night, as I have slept in the forest". "Full of rage spoke the king". "So easily shall it not be done, who will have my daughter, that I must bring from hell three golden hairs from the devil's head; bring me what I desire, so shall you keep my daughter".. The Glückskind aber replied "the golden hair will I wohl holen, ich fürchte mich vor dem Teufel nicht". So he took his leave and began his Wanderschaft. The Way led him to a great city, where the Wächter and the Thore ausfragte was for a trade he understood and was he knew. "I know all about happiness". "So you can do us a favor", said the watchman, "if you tell us why our market fountain, from which the wine is poured, has become dry, and there is no more water. " "That you should know", he replied, "wait only until I return".. I know everything.. "So you can do us a favor and tell us why a tree in our city, the other golden apple, now not even leaves leaves, grows". "If you must know", he replied, "wait till I come back".. Der Fährmann asked him if he understood and if he knew. I know everything.. "So you can give me a chance", said the driver, "and tell me why I must always go on her way and never be relieved". "So you must know", he replied, "wait till I come again".. It was black and gray in there, and the devil was not in the house, but his mother was sitting there in a big chair.. What do you want? She spoke to him, but he wasn't so bad.. "I would like to have three golden hairs on the devil's head", he replied, "or else I cannot keep my wife". "That is much to be desired", she said, "if the devil comes home and finds you, go to the collar; but if you stay with me, I will see if I can help you". She turned him into a woman and said, "Cry in my rock-faces, for you are safe". "Yes", he replied, "that is good enough, but I would like to know three things: why there is no well, why the wine has dried up, has become dry, and now no more water: why there. When they entered, they realized that the air was not in the air.. "Ich rieche rieche Menschenfleisch", he said, "is not right here". Then he looked in all the corners, and searched, but could find nothing.. The mother of the bride put him out, "Before he was turned, she spoke, "and everything was put in order, now you throw dirs again untereinander; immer hast du Menschenfleisch in der Nase! Set dich nieder und iß dein Abendbrot. " When he had eaten and drunk, he was tired, lay the mother of the bride his head in the lap and said she should loosen him a little. It doesn't last long, so it's a sleepy night, and it's cold and snowy.. She wore a golden hair, ripped it off and laid it beside her.. "Autsch!" cried the devil, "What have you done?" "I have had a terrible dream", replied the mother, "I have told you in my heart". "What did you dream?" asked the devil.. "I have dreamt of a fountain in the market, from which wine is poured, and it is sealed, and I have not once wanted to draw water from it, what is the fault of that?" "He, if he knew!" answered the devil, "There is a crow under a stone in the fountain, and if she dies, the wine will flow again".. I 'll give him the second hair out. What are you doing?. "Nimms nicht übel", she answered, "I have it in a dream". "Was it your dream again?" she asked.. I had dreamt of a kingdom with a fruit tree, where I would have had a golden apple and would not have been able to work.. Was war the cause of it? He, if he knew! The devil answered, "If the root gives birth to a mouse, if it dies, it will bear the golden apple again, but it will not bear it any longer, so the tree will be completely destroyed".. But leave me with your dreams in peace, when you sleep me once more, so you get an ear-flap.. She's got the third golden hair and she's riding him out.. The devil flew into the heights, screamed and wanted to hurt her welfare, but she still bothered him and said, "Who can for bad dreams!". I dreamt of a driver who complained that he had to drive her and not be relieved. What is wohl Schuld? He, the Dumm! The Devil replied, "If one comes and wants to overtake, he must give him the rod in hand, then the other must overtake and he is free". When the Mother of the Elder had pulled out the three golden hairs and answered the three questions, she left the old dragon in peace, and he slept until the dawn. When the Devil was gone again, the Old One took the Ameise out of the Rockfall, and gave the Glückskind the human form back. "When you have the three golden hairs", she said, "was the devil to your three questions has said, you will have heard well". "Yes", she replied, "I have heard well and will be well kept". "So is your help", she said, "and now you can go your way". "Thanks to the Elders for the help in the North, leave the Hell, and be glad that everything was so well done to him".. When he came to the Ferryman, he should give him the promised answer. "Fahr mich erst hinüber", said das Glückskind, "so will I tell dir wie du erlöst wirst", and when he reached the bank of the Jenseitigen, he gave him the Devil's Rath, "wenn wieder einer kommt, und wird übergefahren sein, so give him only the Stange in the Hand". He went on and came to the city, where the unfruitful tree stood, and where the Wachter also wanted to have an answer.. And he said to him, who had heard of the devil, "If the mouse die in his root, he will again wear the golden apple". And the watchman thanked him and gave him as a reward two golden asses, which had to follow him.. The last one came to the city, whose fountain was sealed.. The guard thanked him, and gave him also two gold-plated asses. Finally the happy child returned home to his wife, who was very happy to see him again and hear how well everything had gone for him.. The King brought him what he had desired, the three golden Haare des Teufels, and when this the four asses with the Gold saw, he was very pleased and said "Now all the conditions are met and you can keep my daughter. But, lieber Schwiegersohn, tell me where is the gold? These are the great treasures! I've been sailing on a river, he answered, and I've taken it with me, it's there instead of on the sands of the river.. "As much as you wish", he replied, "he is a ferryman on the river, let him take you over, so you may fill your sacks over there". The king made haste to go on his way, and when he came to the river, he waved to the ferryman to take him over.. The ferryman came and called him Einsteigen, and when they came to the bank of the river, he gave him the rudder in his hand, and jumped off.. But the king must now go to the punishment for his sins. Will he go yet? Was he then?