A cat had made acquaintance with a mouse and had told her so much of the great love and friendship which she had for her, that the mouse finally agreed to live with her in a house and to live in community with her.. "But for the winter we must take precautions, otherwise we suffer hunger", said the Cat, "You, my child, cannot go over all the carriage and bring me to the end in a trap".. They didn't know where to put it, but after a long thought, the cat said, "I don't know where it would be better kept than in the church, so nobody would dare take it away. We put it under the altar and we'll keep it there until we need it". The pot was also brought to safety, but it didn't last long, so the cat said, "I've brought a chicken into the world, with a white spot on it, that I should keep over the baptismal font".. Let me go out today and take care of the house alone. Yes, yes, answered the mouse, go in God's name, if you were good, so think of me: von dem süßen rothen Kindbesserwein trinken ich auch gerne ein Tröpfchen. It was but all not true, the cat had no base, und war nicht zu Gevatter gebeten. The Commission has also proposed that the Member States should be able to apply the principle of equal treatment to all workers in the same sector.. Then she took a walk on the city rooftops, seized the opportunity, stretched herself out in the sun and washed her hair so often she thought of a fat-tossing. Only when it's evening will you return to your home. "Now, you're back again", said the Mouse, "you've had a very pleasant day". "It's good to see you again", replied the Cat.. Was hat denn das Kind für einen Namen bekommen? Asked the mouse, and he said, "What's the name of the mouse?". "Hautab" said the Katze ganz trocken. "Hautab, you called the mouse, "that's a strange and strange name, "is it common in your family?" "What's the matter?" said the cat, "it's not worse than the brothel, "as your paths say".. She spoke to the mouse, "You must take care of the case and the house again, I'm the second time to the kitchen, and the child has a white ring around his neck, so I can't say no".. "It tastes nothing better", she said, "as one knows oneself, and is quite satisfied with her daily work".. When she came home, she asked the mouse, "Who is this guy called?" Halfbaus answered, "The cat".. "Halfway! You say! I haven't heard the name of my birthday, I bet it's not in the calendar".. "All good things are three", she said to the mouse, "when I shall stand again, the child is all black and has only white feet, otherwise no white hair on the whole body, which meets only once every few years: do you let me go out yet? " Hautab! Halbaus! " replied the mouse, "they are so curious names, which make me so thoughtful. " " When you sit in your home in your dark grey Flausrock and your long hairzopf, " she said to the cat, "and you catch grills: that's the day when you can't get out of it".. "When all is said and done, let the man rest". She said to herself, "I'll be home in the night".. The mouse asked the same question as the name, which the third kind would have gotten. "He will be well liked, he will not fall", said the Cat, "he is called Ganzaus". "Ganzaus!" cried the Mouse, "this is the most dangerous name, printed, he has not yet been forgotten".. Ganzaus! what soll das bedeuten?  Sie schüttelte den Kopf, rollte sich zusammen und legte sich schlafen. Von nun an wollte niemand mehr die Katze zu Gevatter bitten, als aber der Winter herangekommen und draußen nichts mehr zu finden war, dachte die Maus ihre Vorraths und sprach komm, Katze, wir wollen zu unserem Fetttopfe gehen, den wir uns aufgespart haben, der wird uns schmecken.   Ja wohl,  antwortete die Katze, der wird dir schmecken als wenn du deine Feine Z zum Fenster hinausstreckenst.  They made. "Ah", said the mouse, "now I know what happened, now come to the day, you are my true friend! You have eaten everything, as you have confessed to Gevatter: first Haut ab, then halb aus, then ... "Will you be quiet?" called the cat, "Neither a word, and I will speak again".. You see, so is Gehts in der Welt.