"Ein Läuschen und ein Flöhchen die lebten zusammen in einer Haushalte und brauten das Bier in einer Eierschale" "A man and a woman who live together in the same house and drink beer together in the same glass". Da fiel das Läuschen hinein und verbrannte sich (The field of the hearers burned in and burned itself). The Commission shall be empowered to adopt delegated acts in accordance with Article 26 to supplement this Regulation by laying down detailed rules for the application of this Regulation.. The small Stubenthüre was written by Flöhchen. We heard the burning of the hat.. I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little bit nervous, but I was a little. I'm going to be a little bit more careful, but I'm not going to be a little bit more careful.. I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not going to run, I'm not. "I'm going to the forest to find a tree that's burning, why don't I burn?" "I'm going to the forest to find a tree that's burning, why don't I burn?". I saw a girl, who came with her water-krug, and said, "Bäumchen, was schüttelst du dich?" Should I not shake?. "I'm going to tell you something, my dear, you're going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to the bathroom, and I'm going to have to go to. And in that Wasser is all drowned, the Mädchen, the Bäumchen, the Mistchen, the Wägelchen, the Besenchen, the Thürchen, the Flöhchen, the Läuschen, all with each other.