Ein Müller was after and after in Armuth gerathen und hatte nichts mehr als seine Mühle und einen großen Apfelbaum dahinter. Once he was in the forest, went to Holz zu holen, and there was an old man to him, whom he had never seen, and said, "What do you mean by Holzhacken, I will make you rich, if you promise me that you will stand behind your Mühle?" "What could be different than my apple tree?". Der aber lachte höhnisch und sagte after three years will I come and take away what I heard, and gieng fort. When the miller came to the house, his wife met him and said, "Tell me, miller, where does the sudden wealth come from in our house? All the boxes and chests are full, no one has brought them in, and I don't know how they got there". He replied, "It comes from a stranger, whom I met in the forest and promised me great treasures; I have written to him what was behind the mill: the great apple tree, we can do well for it".. When the time came for her to be taken, and the day came when she wanted to be taken, she washed herself and made a crown of her own with chalk.. Der Teufel appeared very early, but he couldn't come near her. Zornig spoke to Müller, "Tell her to take all the water away so that she can't wash herself any more, otherwise I have no power over her".. The next morning the devil came again, but she had been on her hands, and they were quite clean. He could not see her again and spoke to her without Müller's permission. He took her hand off, otherwise I could not have her. Müller was horrified and replied, "How can I take my own child's hand off!". And he went to the girl and said, "My child, if I don't give you both hands, so lead me to the Teufel fort, and in the Angst have I promised him. Help me to do my duty and forgive me if I am wrong and tell you. She replied, "Liber Vater, macht mit mir was ihr wollt, ich bin euer Kind". Then she put both hands on her and let her go.. The devil came for the third time, but she had been so long and so much on the stumps, that they were still quite clean. The Müller spoke to her: "I have won so great a good by you, I will keep you for life at its most precious". She answered: "But I cannot stay here; I will go away: the pitiful people will give me as much as I need".. And she came to a royal garden, and in the moonlight she saw that there were trees full of beautiful fruit in it; but she could not go in, for there was a pool of water.. And because she had walked all day and had not eaten, and the hunger had seized her, she thought, "If I were in here, I would eat some of the fruit, otherwise I would be hungry". And she knelt down and cried out to the Lord and prayed,. Once an angel came and made a hole in the water so that the water could be dried and the fish could go through it.. Now she's in the Garden, and the Angel is with her.. She saw a tree with fruit, that were beautiful pears, but they were all counted. They were treated with the mouth of the tree, their hunger was satisfied, but no longer. The gardener saw it with an eye, but the angel stood there, fearing that the girl was a ghost, and kept silent, not daring to call or to ask the ghost. When she had eaten the birch, she was satisfied, and went and hid in the grove.. The king, who had heard of the garden, came the next morning, and when he had counted it, and saw that one of the pears was missing, he asked the gardener where it had been: it was not under the tree, and it was gone.. The gardener answered, "Last night a spirit came in, he had no hands and one with his mouth cut off. The king asked, "How did the spirit come in over the water? And where did he go after he had eaten the birch?" The gardener answered, "Someone in a snow-white robe came from heaven, who opened the key and stopped the water, so that the spirit could go through the tomb".. And because it must have been an angel, I feared, not asked and not called. When the spirit had eaten the birch, it went back again. The king said, If it be as thou sayest, so will I this night watch with thee. When it was dark, the king came into the garden, and brought a priest with him, that the spirit might be restored.. All three sat down under the tree and gave eight. At midnight the girl came out of the building, climbed up the tree, and sat down again with her mouth open; next to her, however, stood the angel in white robes. The priest came out and said, "Are you from God or from the world? Are you a spirit or a human being?" She replied, "I am not a spirit, but a poor human being, abandoned by all, not by God alone". The king said, "If you are abandoned by all, I will not abandon you". He took her with him to his royal palace, and because she was so beautiful and beautiful, he loved her from the heart, he had her made into his silver hand and took her to be his wife. After a year the king had to move over the field, so he ordered the young queen to speak to his mother, and when she came in to him,. He wrote it to his old mother and told her the news .. The Bote aber ruhte unterwegs an einem Bache, und da er von dem langen Wege ermüdet war, schlaf er ein. The devil, who had always tried to harm the queen, had replaced the letter with another, saying that the queen had brought a change into the world.. When the King read the letter, he was shocked and very sad, but he wrote in reply, they should keep the Queen well and take care of her until his arrival.. The Bote arrives with the Brief zurück, ruhte an der nämlichen Stelle und schlaf wieder ein. Da kam der Teufel abermals and legated him another letter in the Tasche, in which they stand that the Königin mit ihrem Kind tötten. The old mother was terrified when she received the letter, could not believe it and wrote to the king again, but she got no other answer, because the devil always sent a false letter to the messenger: and in the last letters she should not lift the Queen's tongue and eyes to the Wahrzeichen.. Then she spoke to the Queen, "I cannot let you be killed, as the King commands, but you must not stay here any longer: go with your child into the wide world and never come back again".. She came to a great wild forest, and she sat down on her knees and prayed to God, and the angel of the Lord appeared to her and led her to a small house, on which was a sign with the words "Here lives a free man".. She tied the little boy on her back and held him to her breast, so that he would be quiet, and then laid him on a beautiful made bed.. The poor woman said, "How do you know that I am a queen?" The white maiden answered, "I am an angel sent by God to take care of you and your child". She remained in the house for seven years, and was well taken care of, and by God's grace because of her piety, her severed hands grew back. The king finally came back from the field, and for the first time he wanted to see his wife and child.. Da fieng die alte Mutter an zu weinen und sprach 'Du böser Mann, was hast du mir geschrieben dass ich zwei unschuldige Seelen ums Leben bringen soll!' and showed him the two Briefe, which der Böse had forged, and spoke further 'I have done as you have commanded, 'and wies ihm die Wahrzeichen, Zunge und Augen. Da fieng der König an noch viel bitterlicher zu weinen über seine arme Frau und sein Sohnlein, dass es die alte Mutter erbarmte, und sie zu ihm sprach gib dich zufrieden, sie lebt noch. I have slaughtered a deer in the house and taken from it the mark, your wife and I have tied her child on her back, and she has gone to the wide world to go, and she has promised never to come back here again, because you were so angry with her. Then the king said, "I will go as far as the sky is blue, and not eat and not drink until I have found my beloved wife and my child again, if they have not been killed or starved in time". So the king went around, for seven years, and searched for her in all the cliffs and caves, but he found her and did not think she was forgotten.. He was not drunk during all this time, but God took him. Finally he came to a large forest and found in the small house, in the child's room with the words "Here lives jeder frei". When the white girl came out, she took him by the hand, led him in, and said "Welcome, Herr König", and asked him where he came from.. He answered, "I have been traveling for seven years, and I am looking for my wife and her child, but I can't find them". The angel gave him food and drink, but he did not take it, and he wanted to rest a little.. And he lay down to sleep, and covered his face with a cloth. Then the angel went into the chamber, where the queen sat with her son, whom she called Schmerzenreich, and spoke to her, and said, Go out with all thy children, thy husband is come. And she went out to the place where he lay, and the cloth fell from his face.. Da sprach sie Schmerzenreich, heb deinem Vater das Tuch auf und deckte ihm sein Gesicht wieder zu. The child hob es auf and deckte it again über sein Gesicht.  The child hob es auf and deckte it again über sein Gesicht.  The child hob es auf and deckte it again über sein Gesicht.  The child hob es auf and deckte it again über sein Gesicht.  The child hob es auf and deckte it again über sein Gesicht.  The child hob es auf and deckte it again über sein Gesicht.  The child hob es auf and deckte it again über sein Gesicht.. The heart of the king is asleep and the cloth has fallen once more. The boy became impatient and said, "Dear Mother, how can I hide my father's face, I have no father on earth? I have learned to pray, Our Father, who art in heaven; You have said, My Father who art in heaven, and my God: How shall I know such a wild man? There is no father for me".. And she said, "I am your wife, and this is your son, Schmerzenreich". And he saw her living hands and said, "My wife had silver hands". She replied, "The natural hands of the gracious God have made me grow again".. And when he saw that it was his beloved wife and his beloved child, he kissed her and was glad, and said, "A heavier stone has fallen from my heart". And the angel of God fed them together again, and they went to his old mother's house.. There was great joy everywhere, and the King and Queen celebrated their wedding once more, and they lived happily ever after.