Before the war, a Schneider had three sons and only one daughter.. But the goats, because they all feed together with their milk, must have their gutters fed and daily be led out onto the pasture. The Sons that also after the series. Once she was taken from the oldest to the Kirchhof, where the most beautiful jewels stood, and left to freshen and re-jump. In the evening, when it's time to go home, he asks "Ziege, bist du satt?" The goat answers "I'm so full, I can't eat".. "Now", said the old Schneider, "what is the goat's food?" "Oh", answered the son, "it is so full, it likes no meat". "But the father, wanting to convince himself, went down to the stable, and caressed the animal and asked it, "Ziege, are you also full?". In the evening, when he wanted to go home, he asked "Ziege, bist du satt?" The goat answered "Ich bin so satt, ich mag kein Blatt: meh! meh!" So he came home, and he went home and tied her to a stool.. "Now", said the old Schneider, "what is the goat her food?" "Oh", answered the son, "she is so full, she can't eat". The Schneider wanted to trust her, went down to the stable and asked, "Ziege, are you also full?" The Goat answered, "Where should I be full?". In the evening, when he wanted to go home, he asked "Ziege, are you also full?" The goat answered "I am so full, I cannot eat a piece of meat: meh! meh!. "Now", said the old Schneider, "what is the goat her food? " answered the son, "she is so full, she likes no leaves". The Schneider did not trust, went down and asked the goat, "Are you also full?" The wild goat answered, "How should I be full? I only jumped over the gravel, and found no single leaf?". The next morning he came down to the stable, loved the goat and said, "Come, my dear Thierlein, I will take you to the pasture". He took her to the fence and brought her to the green heath and the sheepfold, and the goats ate her.. "If you can only once after your heart's desire, "he spoke to her, and let her feed until evening. "I'm so full, I can't eat". "So I'm going home".. When he left, he turned again, and said: "Now you are again full!" But the goat did not make it better and cried: "How should I be full?" I jumped only over the gravel, and found not a single leaflet: meh! meh!. "Wait, wait, you ungrateful creature, your strength is too little, I will show you that you must not be allowed to see yourself among the honorable cutters. In one of them you jumped up, held your barber's knife, seized the goat's head, and cut it so smoothly as his flat hand.. And because she had been too honourable, he took the whip and struck her with such a blow that she ran away in mighty springs. The Schneider, when he sat so completely alone in his house, was filled with great sadness and would have liked to have his sons back, but no one knew where they were. The oldest was a carpenter's apprentice, who learned to be industrious and industrious, and when his time came for him to wander, the master gave him a piece of wood, which had no special appearance and was of ordinary wood, but had a good quality. If one is sitting at the table and says, "Tischchen, deck dich", then the good table is once again covered with a clean cloth, and the plate, and the knife, and the fork, and the dishes, and the bread, and the bread, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the wine, and the. The young Gesell thought, "You have enough for your lifetime, so go around the world and find good things, and don't worry about whether a hostel is good or bad, and whether there's something in it to find, or not".. If he liked it, he would go to the field, to the forest, to a field where he had his desire, take his meat from his back, set it before him and say, "I'll find you", and then he would do whatever his heart desired.. At last he came to his senses, he wanted to return to his father, his anger would have been laid down, and with the Tischchen deck dich he would gladly take him again. It happened that on his way home he came in the evening to a hostel full of guests, who welcomed him and invited him to sit with them and eat with them, otherwise he would have difficulty in getting anything.. "No", replied der Schreiner, "I will not take you to my mouth, but rather you should be my guests".. He then stood at his ladies' table in the middle of the room and said, "Tischchen, deck dich". Immediately he was seized with food, so good as he could not have gotten, and from which the smell of the guests rose in his nose.. "Zugegriffen, liebe Freunde", said the craftsman, and the guests, when they saw what was meant, did not let themselves be asked twice, returned, drew their knife and griffen tapfer zu. And was she most surprised, wenn eine Schüssel leer geworden war, so stellte sich gleich von selbst eine volle an ihre Platz. The host stood in a corner and looked at the things too; he did not even know what to say, but thought "such a cook you could well need in your hostesship". The carpenter and his company were amused until late at night, finally laying down to sleep, and the young host also went to bed and set his wishes on the wall. The Wirt, however, left his thoughts unperturbed, and it occurred to him that in his Rumpelkammer stood an old table, which was just so beautiful: the holt was all herbs and had been replaced by the Wünschtisch. The next morning, the clerk paid his sleeping money, packed his dinner, and thought he had a false idea and had gone his way.. "He came to his father with great joy".. "Now, my dear son, what have you learned?" he said to him.. "Father, I have become a carpenter. A good work of art, I have learned from the old man, but what have you brought from your travels? The table. The carpenter has looked at it from all sides and said, "You have made no masterpiece, this is an old and bad table".. "Let all your relatives and friends come, who will once laben and erquicken, for the table makes them all full". "When the company was gathered, he set his table in the middle of the room and spoke 'Tischchen, deck dich.' " But the table did not rise and remained so clear as another table, whose language he did not understand".. The poor Geselle saw that he had been mistaken for the Tischchen, and was ashamed that he had been a liar.. The relatives laughed at him, and had to wander home again, undrunk and unconscious.. The father brought his lace back to the mill and made it strong, the son went to a master in the work, the second son went to a miller and learned from him.. When he had his years here, the Master said, "Because you have behaved so well, I will give you a donkey of a special kind, which does not ride on a cart and does not carry a sack".. "If you put it on a cloth and say, 'Bricklebrit,' then you say, 'This is a beautiful thing,'" said the Geselle, "Thanks to the Master and the World".. If he needed gold, he needed only to tell his donkey "Bricklebrit", so he sent gold pieces, and he had no more trouble when they were lifted from the earth. I think he's good enough, and I'm better, because he's always had a full bag. When he had seen himself for a long time in the world, he thought, "You must go to your father, if you come with the Golden Ass, he will forget his anger and take you well". It was also true that he grew up in the same Wirthshaus, in which his brother had exchanged the table. He led his donkey by the hand, and the owner wanted to take the animal off and tie it up, but the young man said, "Don't bother, my gray-headed one, I'll take you to the stable and tie it up myself, because I need to know where he is". The owner was surprised, and he thought that one who had to take care of his donkey himself wouldn't have much to eat.. After the meal, the guest was asked if he was guilty, the host wanted to save the doubled crèche and said that a few gold pieces must be taken.. The Geselle griff in the Tasche, but his gold war eben zu Ende. "Wait a moment, Herr Wirth", he said, "I will only go and fetch gold; I took the table with me".. The host didn't know what it meant, he was curious, he went after him, and the guest closed the door, so he looked through a door. The stranger was dressed in a cloth, and immediately found a gold spear, and a hint and a warning that he had been brought down to earth.. "They are a thousand", said the innkeeper, "they are a thousand and one, so a purse is not bad". The guest paid his money and went to sleep, but the innkeeper, in the night, went to the stable, led the money master away and tied another donkey to his collar.. The following morning in the spring he took off his donkey and thought he had his golden donkey .. He came to his father one day, and was glad to see him again, and to receive him gladly.. "Was is aus dir geworden, mein Sohn?" "Fragte der Alte" "What is it that you have become, my son?". Ein Müller, lieber Vater, is the answer. "What have you brought from your wanderings? Nothing but a donkey". "The donkey is here enough", said the father. "I would have preferred a good goat".. "Let all the relatives here be ruined, I will make them all rich men". "If I let myself fall", said Schneider, "then I will need the needle to keep on fighting".. As soon as they were together, they went to the Müller Platz, made a wide sweep, and brought the donkey into the Stube.. "Jetzt gebt acht" said he and called "Bricklebrit", but it wasn't a gold piece, it was a real one, and it showed that they didn't understand art, because it didn't take every ass so far. It made the poor Müller look long, seeing that he was betrayed and beat the relatives with a pardon, who came home so poor, as they had come. The old man had to go to the needle again, and the young man to a miller's workshop, and the third brother had to go to a master's workshop, and because it was a very artistic trade, he had to learn it at length.. His brother, however, told him in a letter how badly it had happened to them, and how she would have brought one of her beautiful wishes to him on the last evening.. When the Drechsler had learned to walk, his master gave him a sack, and said, "There is a knob in it". The sack I can hang, and he can serve me well, but what shall the knob be in it? The only thing that makes it heavy. The master replied, "If someone has taken something from you, just say, 'Knob, from the sack, the knob will come out among the people and dance so lustig on their backs, that they will not be able to cry for eight days and move; and the wind will blow it away, and the knob will fall on the sack, and the knob will fall on. The young Drechsler longed for the evening in the Wirthshaus, where his brothers had been betrayed.. He read his Ranzen vor sich auf den Tisch and felt an obligation to tell you he had seen all the strange things in the world. "Yes", he said, "one finds a table, a gold-decker and the like: all good things, which I do not despise, but that is nothing against the treasure, which I have acquired and put in my sack". "The Wirt spitted in his ears: "What in all the world could that be?". The host, if he meant the guest to sleep soundly, to go to her bed, to go back and pull the sack very carefully and cautiously, or he might perhaps pull it away and put another one under it.. The Drechsler had waited long enough, and now the Wirt was ready to make a hearty jerk, calling him "Knüppel, aus dem Sack". Alsbald brought the Knüppelchen out, the Wirt on the Leib, and told him that it was an art.. The more he cried, the harder the knob hit him on the back, until he finally exhausted the earth.. "I'll be glad to have you back in my sack". "I'll be glad to have you back in my sack", he said. "I'll be glad to have you back in my sack". "I'll be glad to have you back in my sack".. Der Schneider was glad to see him again, and asked him if he had learned in the Fremde. "My dear father", he replied, "I have become a Drechsler". "A work of art", said the father, "what have you brought from your wanderings?" "A precious piece, dear father", replied the son, "a club in the sack". "Was!" cried the father, "a club! that is the work worthwhile! you can tell from every tree". "But not such a one, dear father: I say, a club, from the sack", so the club springs out and makes me laugh, the good is not my mirror, the bad is my dance, and does not leave me more than a little bit of earth on the. See, with this knob I have created the Tischchen deck and the Goldesel wieder herbei, which the Diebische Wirth meinen Brüdern had taken away. Now let them both call and invite all the relatives, I will feed them and drink and will fill their pockets with gold.. When the Drechsler had put a cloth in the Stube, he brought the gold-ass in and said to his brother, "Now, dear brother, speak with him". The Müller said, "Bricklebrit", and immediately the gold pieces sprang up on the cloth, as if from a place rain, and the ass heard no more than as if all had so much, that they could not bear it any more.. (I see you said you would have liked to have been there too) Then the Drechsler brought the Tischchen and said "Lieber Bruder, jetzt sprich mit ihm". And the Schreiner had said "Tischchen deck dich", so it was covered and richly furnished with the most beautiful Schüsseln. There was a feast, such as the good Schneider had never had in his house, and the whole family stayed together till night, and were all merry and merry.. The Schneider locked Nadel and Zwirn, Elle and Bügeleisen in a closet, and lived with his three sons in joy and glory.. She was ashamed that she had a bald head, fell in a foxhole and hid in it. As the fox came to the house, a pair of big eyes flashed before him from the darkness, so that he was shocked and relieved.. The bear met him, and the fox was quite disturbed, so he said, "What is it, Brother Fuchs, what are you doing for a face?" "Ah", answered the Rothe, "a grim beast is sitting in my cave and has me with fiery eyes". "We will soon be able to go out", said the bear, "and go into the cave and look inside; but when he sees the fiery eyes, he also walks in fear: he wants to have nothing to do with the grim beast and take away the king's reign".. Die Biene met him, and when she saw that it was not well with him in his skin, she said: "Bär, you make a very funny face, where is your lustigkeit geblieben?" "You have spoken well", replied der Bär, "there is a grim beast with glotta eyes in the house of the red, and we cannot chase it out". Die Biene sprach: "You always look at me, Bär, I am a weak creature, that you have not looked at in your way, but I believe that I can help you".