First story. Once upon a time there was an old fox with nine tails, who thought his wife was unfaithful and wanted to seduce her.. He stretched himself under the bench, made no glide and pretended to be dead. The Frau Füchsin went to her chamber, shut herself in, and her maid, the Jungfer Katze, sat on the fold and cooked. When it was now known that the old Fuchs had died, so the Freier reported. "I'm not sleeping, I'm not watching, I'm not sleeping, I'm not watching, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'm not sleeping, I'. Soon afterwards he was again knocked down, and there was another fox in the door, who wanted to free the fox; he had two tails, but it did not give him any better than the first. Then came the others, always with a cock more, who were all rejected, until finally one of the nine had a cock like the old Herr Fuchs. When the widow heard this, she spoke with joy to the cat, and the cat opened the door and let the old man go out. But when the wedding was about to be celebrated, the old man got up and went out to the bank, and the whole crowd went through and followed him with the old woman to the door.. The Wolf greeted her, and said, "Good day, Frau Katz von Kehrewitz, wie kommts dass sie alleine sitzt? was macht sie gutes da?" The Cat replied, "Brock mir Wecke und Milch ein: will der Herr mein Gast sein?" "Thank you, Frau Katze", replied the Wolf, "Frau Füchsin nicht zu Haus?" The Cat said, "She sits on the floor of the room, weeping for her sorrow, weeping for her great grief, that the old Herr Fuchs is dead". The Wolf replied, "She will have another man, so she shall only go down to her". The. So he can't serve me. As the wolf was abject, so was the dog, the deer, the hare, the bear, the lion, and after each other all the wood-there. But it always lacked one of the good qualities that the old Herr Fuchs had, and the Cat had to send the Freier away every time. Endlich kam ein junger Fuchs , which is the name of the song .. "Yes", said the Cat, "that's it". So he came upstairs, said the Cat, and the maid had to prepare the wedding feast. "Cat, go out of the room and leave the old Fox outside the window. Bring a few fat mice, so they're always alone, but don't bother me. "The Wedding was held with the young Mr. Fox, and they were celebrated and danced, and if they didn't listen, they danced.