First story: a shoe without its own shoes had become so poor that it had nothing left but leather for a single pair of shoes. Now he cut his shoes in the evening, that he might take to work the next morning; and because he had a good conscience, he laid himself down quietly in bed, and prayed to God, and slept.. In the morning, after he had finished his prayer and was about to go to work, the two shoes were on his table.. He was amazed and didn't know what to say. He took the shoes in his hand to look at them more closely: they were so neatly worked, that no stain was wrong, just as if it were a masterpiece. Soon afterwards, a buyer came along, and because he liked the shoes so much, he paid more than usual for them, and Schuster was able to sell them for two pairs of shoes.. He cut them in the evening and wanted to go to work the next morning with a fresh mouth, but he didn't need to, because when he got up they were already done, and there were no buyers left, who gave him so much money that he could buy four pairs of shoes. He found early morning also the four pair ready; and so comes always strong, was he evening zuschnitt, das war am Morgen verarbeitet, also that he soon again sein ehrliches Auskommen hatte und endlich ein wohlhabender Mann ward. It was not long before Christmas, when the man had recovered from his illness, that he said to his wife before going to bed, "How would it be if we stayed up all night to see who could lend us such a helping hand?" The woman was satisfied and lit a candle; then she hid in the kitchen, behind the clothes that had been hung up and gave eight. When it was midnight, two little naked men came and sat down at Schuster's table, and took all the work cut out for them and made a feast with their fingers, so fast and swift to steal, to see, to knock, that Schuster could not avert his eyes from his wonder.. They didn't leave until everything was finished and ready to be put on the table, then they jumped up quickly.. They walk so hereum, have nichts am Leib und müssen frieren. I'll see you in the morning, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see you in the evening, I'll see. At midnight they came out and wanted to do the work, but when they found no cut leather, but the pretty clothes, they were surprised, but then they were overjoyed.. With the greatest speed they moved on, strichen the beautiful Kleider am Leib und sang sind wir nicht Knaben glatt und fein? was sollen wir länger Schuster sein! Then they jumped and danced, and jumped over the stools and benches. Finally , they 're out of the way .. The first time I saw him, I was so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so happy, so. One morning, when he was about to go to work, he found a letter on it, and because he couldn't read it, he put the letter in the corner and brought it to his mistress, and then there was an invitation from the Wichtelmännern, who asked the girl to have a child with them.. The girl didn't know what to do, so she went to the old man's house, and because they told her something, she didn't want to be beaten.. They came to the three Wichtelmänner and led them to a hollow mountain where the little ones lived.. It was all so small, but so beautiful and so beautiful that it is not to be said. The kindbetterin lag in einem Bett von schwarzem Ebenholz mit Knöpfen von Perlen, the Decks were with Gold gestickt, the Wiege war von Elfenbein die Badwanne von Gold. The girls stand now Gevatter und will dann wieder nach Haus gehen, the Wichtelmännlein baten es aber inständig drei Tage bei ihnen zu bleiben. It was also a time of lust and joy, and little things that gave him everything to love.. Finally he wanted to make his way back, so they put him in a bag full of gold and took him back to the mountain.. When he came home, he wanted to start his work, took the broom in his hand, and stood in the corner and fought for his life.. When strangers came from the house, they asked who it was and what it was they were going to do. It was not three days, as he had meant, but seven years with the little men in the mountain, and his previous rule had died in the time. Third Tale. A mother had her child taken from the Wiege by the Wichtelmännern, and a Wechselbalg with a dick head and starry eyes put in, who wanted nothing but food and drink. In her Noth she gieng zu ihrer Nachbarin und fragte sie um Rath. The neighbour said she should carry the Wechselbalg in the kitchen, set it on the stove, light a fire and boil water in two eggshells: that bring the Wechselbalg to the laughter, and when he laughs, then be with him. Die Frau that alles wie die Nachbarin had said. As she set the eggshells with water over the fire, Klotzkopf said, "Now I'm as tall as the Westerwald, and I've never seen anyone in the eggshells cook".. And when he had come again, a crowd of the chieftains, having brought the right child, set it on the flock, and took the money-changers back with them.