Before a great forest there lived a woodcutter with his wife, who had only one child, a girl of three years. But they were so poor that they had no more daily bread and did not know what they should give him to eat. One morning, the woodcutter went out into the forest to his work, and as he was doing, a beautiful woman stood before him, who had a crown of shining stars on her head and said to him: "I am the Virgin Mary, the Mother of the Christchildren: you are poor and needy, bring me your child, I will take it with me, his mother and for his sorrow". The woodcutter listened, holled his child and handed it over to the Virgin Mary, who took it with her up into heaven. They gave him well, and sugar-bread and sweet milk, and his clothes were of gold, and the English played with him. When she was fourteen years old, she called the Virgin Mary to herself and said, "My dear child, I have a great journey ahead of me, and I have the keys to the thirteen gates of the kingdom of heaven in custody: twelve of them you may unlock and behold the glories in them, but the thirteen, who have heard of this little key, are forbidden to you: tell them that you cannot unlock them, or you will be unhappy".. But every man sat an apostle, and was surrounded by great glamour, and rejoiced in all the splendor and glory, and the little ones, who always accompanied him, rejoiced with him.. Now the forbidden door was alone, and there was a great desire to know what was hidden behind it, and he said to the Englishman, "I will not open it, and I will not go in, but I will open it, so that we may see a little through the Ritz". But no, they said, "it would be a sin if the Virgin Mary were forbidden, and it could easily become your misfortune".. And when the English had all gone out, I thought it was now I was all alone and could look in, and I knew it was no one, but myself. And when I took the key out of my hand, I put it in the lock, and when I put it in, I turned it back.. They jumped the Thüre auf, and they saw the Dreieinigkeit in the fire and glow. It remained a while standing and looked at everything with astonishment, then touched it a little with the finger and the glance, then the finger was completely golden. Alsbald found it a great fear, and struck the Thüre with great fear and love.. The fear would not be so weak again, it could begin what it wanted, and the heart beat in a fort and would not be quiet: also the gold remained on the finger and did not go away, it could wash and rub as much as it wanted.. She called the girl to herself and demanded him the Heaven's Key again. When he reached the Bund, the Jungfrau looked him in the eyes, and said, "Have you also not opened the Thirteenth Thüre?". And she put her hand on his heart, felt it beating and beating, and realized that it was her commandment that had been transgressed and the door had been opened.. "Have you not gotten it?" "No", said the girl for the second time.. When she saw the finger of the touch of the heavenly fire turned golden, she saw that it had sinned and spoke for the third time "Have you not been caught?" "No" said the girl for the third time. "You have not obeyed me, and have not lied to me, you are no longer worthy to be in heaven". "You have put the girl to sleep, and when she awoke, she was on earth, in the middle of a wilderness".. He wanted to leave, but he couldn't bring back the sea.. He jumped up and wanted to run away, but when he fell, he was held back by a thick spine, which he could not break through.. The building in which the war was enclosed was an old building which must have been his home.. He went in, when the night came, and slept in it, and when it stormed and rained, he found in it shelter: but it was a miserable life, and when he thought of it, how it had been so beautiful in heaven, and the angels had played with him, so he wept bitterly. Wurzeln und Waldbeeren were seine einzige Nahrung, die suchte es sich, so far as it could come. In autumn he gathered the fallen nuts and leaves and threw them into the cave, the nuts were his food in winter and when snow and ice came, he kept them, like a poor man hiding in the leaves, so that they would not be frozen. Not long, so zerrissen seine Kleider und fiel ein Stück nach dem andern vom Leib herab (Not long, so zerrissen seine Kleider and fell a piece after the other from the body). "Soon the sun again warmed, "and went out and sat down in front of the tree, "and his long hair covered him on all sides like a cloak.. So it was year after year, and felt the sorrow and misery of the world. Once, when the trees were again in fresh green, the King of the Lands chased a deer in the forest and pursued a deer, and because it was in the building fleeing the war, which enclosed the Waldplatz, he got off his horse, tore the deer from each other and hid himself with his sword a way. When he finally got through the door, he saw under the tree a beautiful girl sitting, covered from her golden hair to her feet.. He stood still and looked at her, completely astonished, then he looked back and said, "Who are you? Why are you sitting here in the corner?" There was no answer, because he couldn't open his mouth.. Der König sprach weiter "Will you go with me to my castle?". The king took him on his arm, carried him on his horse and rode him home, and when he came to the royal palace, he had him put on his fine clothes and gave him everything in excess. And though he could not speak, yet was he so beautiful and so strong, that he loved him with all his heart, and it was not long before he married him.. Then in the night, when she was alone in her bed, the Virgin Mary appeared to her and said: "Will you tell the truth and confess that you have opened the forbidden door, so will I open your mouth and give you the speech again: you remained but in the sin, and lie obstinate, so I will not take your newborn child with me". When the queen was ready to answer, she remained but stocked and spoke: "No, I have not opened the forbidden door", and the Virgin Mary took the newborn child from her arms and disappeared with it. Another morning, if the child did not find war, became a Gemurmel unter den Leuten, the Queen would be a cannibal and would have killed her own child. She heard everything and could not say anything against it, but the King did not want to believe it because he loved her so much.. In the night, the Queen again came to her and said: "Will you confess that you have opened the forbidden door, so will I give you your child and loose your tongue: if you remain in sin and lie, I will take this newborn with me". The Queen spoke again: "No, I have not opened the forbidden door", and the Queen took her child from the poor and took her to heaven.. In the morning, when the child was again gone, the people said that the queen had been murdered, and the king's court demanded that she be tried.. The king, however, loved her so much that he did not want to believe it, and ordered the Rathen bei Leibes- und Lebensstrafe to say nothing more about it. In the next years the queen gave birth to a beautiful daughter, and appeared to her for the third time in the Nights of the Jungfrau Maria and spoke "after me". She took her by the hand and led her into the sky, and showed her her two eldest children, who laughed and played with the Weltkugel. When the Queen was pleased, the Maid said, "Is your heart still not softened? If you admit that you have opened the forbidden door, I will give you back your two sons". But the Queen replied for the third time, "No, I have not opened the forbidden door". So she let the Maid go back to earth and took her third child.. She was taken to court, and because she could not answer and could not be verified, she was sentenced to die on the Scheiterhaufen.. The wood was gathered together, and when she came to a fire, the fire rings around to burn, the hard ice of pride melted, and her heart was moved by regret, and she thought, "I can only confess that I opened the door before my death, "then came the voice that she cried out loudly, "Yes, Maria, I have gotten it!" And as the sky was filled with rain, and the fire was extinguished, and a light was brought forth, and the maiden Maria came down and the two children were by her side, and the newborn daughter was on her arm. She spoke kindly to her, who repented and confessed her sin, to whom she was forgiven, and gave her three children, loosed her tongue, and gave her happiness for life.