Once upon a time there was a miller who had a beautiful daughter, and when she grew up, he wanted her to be well taken care of and well married: he thought, "If I become a decent freeman and keep her, I will give her to him". Not long after he came to the mill, he seemed very rich, and the miller knew nothing to put him down, so he promised him his daughter.. But the girl had not loved him as a bride should love her bridegroom, and had no confidence in him: as often as she saw him or thought of him, she felt a dread in her heart. Once he spoke to her "You are my bride and you have not visited me once". The girl replied "I don't know where your house is".. The groom said, "Next Sunday you must come out to me, I have already invited the guests, and so that you may find your way through the forest, I will scatter your ashes". When the Sunday came and the girl was about to make her way, he was so anxious, he knew not why, and so that he could mark the way, he put on both his bags full of peas and lentils. At the entrance of the forest, ashes were strewn, and after each step, to the right and left, a few peas on the ground.. He came fast all day long to the middle of the forest, where there was a darkest war, and he stood alone in a house that was not his, because it was so dark and uncanny.. It was a war, but no one was there and there was the greatest silence.. Suddenly a voice called, "Come back, young bride, you are in a murder house". The girl looked up and saw that the voice of a bird had come, and that a farmer was standing on the wall.. No more call er kehr um, kehr um, du junge Braut, du bist in einem Mörderhaus. Da gieng die schöne Braut weiter von einem Stube in die andere and went through the whole house, but it was all clear and no Menschenseele zu finden. Finally they came to the cellar, and there was a stone-cold woman, who was shaking her head.. "Can you not tell me", said the girl, "if my bridegroom lives here?" "Ah, you poor child", replied the old woman, "you are a hingerathen! You are in a murder-grube!". You mean you were a bride, the bald Hochzeit macht, but you will die Hochzeit mit dem Tode halten. You see, I have to put a big pot of water on you, so if they have you in their power, they'll hack you without mercy, cook you and eat you, because they're man-eaters.. If I don't have compassion for you and save you, you're lost. Darauf led the old man behind a great wall, where no one could see him.. "Sei wie ein Mäuschen still", she said, "Don't move or something will happen to you".. Nocturns when the robbers sleep, we want to escape, I have already waited long on an opportunity.. They brought another young woman, dragged her, were drunk and did not hear her scream and lament.. They gave her wine to drink, drei Gläser voll, ein Glas weiß, ein Glas rothen, und ein Glas gelben, davon zersprang ihr das Herz. Then they ripped off her fine clothes, laid her on a table, chopped her beautiful body in pieces and sprinkled salt over it.. The poor bride behind the façade trembled and beamed, for she saw well it was for a fate the robbers had devised. One of them noticed a golden ring on the little finger of the murdered man, and when he could not remove it immediately, he took an axe and cut off the finger, but the finger jumped in the air above the face of the bride and fell into her lap.. The robber took a light and wanted to look for it, but couldn't find it.. "Have you also been looking behind the great Fasse?" another said. "But the Old One cried, "Come and eat, and let the search be till morning: the finger will not run you".. When the bride heard this, she came out from behind the curtain and walked over the sleeping ones, who lay in rows on the ground, and was afraid to wake any one.. But God told her that she was lucky to get through, the old woman got up with her, opened the door, and they ran as fast as they could out of the murder-pit fort. The ashes had been blown away by the wind, but the peas and lentils had grown and gone up, and shown the way to the moon.. They come all night until the morning in the Mühle Ankamen. The girl told her father all that had happened, and when the day came for the wedding, the groom came, and the miller had invited all his relatives and acquaintances.. As they say, there's nothing left to tell. The bride sat still and did not know anything .. I'm going to tell you a dream. Tell us something.. I came alone through a forest and came at last to a house, where there was no human soul, but a wall was a bird in a farmer, the call kehr um, kehr um, du junge Braut, du bist in einem Mörderhaus. And called it once more. My dear, my dream is over. I went through all the rooms, and they were all empty, and it was so unhealthy therein; I finally climbed down into the cellar, and there sat a stone-cold woman there, who waved her head. I asked her if she'd lived in this house with my fiancé. She said, "Well, you're in a murder-prison, your fiancé lives here, but he'll hack you and kill you and then cook you and eat you".. But the old woman hid me behind a big wall, and I was hardly concealed, so the robbers came to the house and took a young woman with them, and gave her three bottles of wine to drink, white, red and yellow, which broke her heart. My dear, my dream is over. Then they took off her fine clothes, chopped her beautiful body on a table in pieces and sprinkled it with salt.. My dear, my dream is over. And one of the robbers saw that a ring was still stuck in the gold finger, and because it was hard to remove, he took an axe and cut it off, but the finger jumped up high and jumped behind the big face and fell into the shoulder. And there is the finger with the ring. At these words she brought it out and showed it to the present. The robber, who had become quite white according to the story, jumped up and wanted to escape, but the guests held him and handed him over to the courts. Da Ward er und seine ganze Bande for their schandthaten gerichtet. (Their crimes were punished by the police.)