A poor man had so many children that he had already begged for all the world to be his mother, and when he had only one, there was no one left to beg for.. He knew not what he should do, lay down in his bed and sleep. He should go to the door and ask the first person he meets to come in.. When he woke up, he decided to follow the trauma, go out in front of the Thor and the first ones he met, bat to Gevatter. The stranger gave him a glass of water and said, "This is a wonderful water, so you can make the sick healthy, you just have to see where the dead are".. If he stands at the head, give the sick of the water, and he will be healed; but if he stands at the feet, all his efforts are in vain, he must die.. And the king's son was called, and when he came in, he saw the dead man standing at the head, and he healed him with the water; and so it was the second time, but the third time the dead man stood at the feet, and the child died.. When she was born in the house, there was such a wonderful hospitality.. On the first step they slammed the boat and the water, and threw each other violently.. He asked her where Herr Gevatter lived. Der Besen replied, "On the second step higher".. He asked, "Where does Herr Gevatter live?" Einer aus den Fingern replied, "A higher step". Auf der dritten Treppe lay a large pile of heads, which he then took up again.. On the fourth step, the fishes stand over the fire, they fry in the pan, and then they back themselves.. They also spoke of a staircase higher. And when he had climbed the fifth step, he came to a room and looked through the lock, and saw the door, which had a few long horns. When he opened the door and came in, the Gevatter lay down on his bed and covered himself with his clothes.. "What is the meaning of this strange hospitality in your house?" said the man. "When I came to your first stair, I saw a ship and a bucket of fish in the Pfanne, and a little fish in the back, and a little fish in the back. " He said, "The British had come to the Fugen".. "And when I got up the fifth step, I looked through the keyhole of one of the doors, and I saw you, Gevatter, and you had a long long horn. " "Oh, that's not true".