There was a poor man with twelve children and he had to work day and night so that he could give them only bread. When the thirteenth was born, he knew he had nothing to do, so he went out to the main road and asked the first person he met to help him.. The first one who met him, who knew already what he had in his heart, and spoke to him, "Poor man, you always loved me, I will have your child out of the baptism, will care for it and make it happy on earth". The man said, "Who are you?" "I am the love of God".. Also wendete er sich von dem Herrn und gieng weiter (I would like to thank you for your kind words). "I am the devil". "So I beg you not to die", said the devil. "You have deceived and led men astray". "I am the devil", he said. "I am the king of death", he said. "I am the king of the living". "You are the king of the dead", he said. "You have no friends and no friends to make you a king". "The time has come for you to be judged". "The time has come for you to be condemned".. He led him out into the woods, showed him a Kraut, that da waschs, und sprach jetzt sollst du dein Pathengeschenk empfangen. I'll make you a famous doctor.. If you are called to a sick person, I will appear to you every time: if you are called to the head of the sick person, you can speak to him, you will make him well, and if you give him your strength, he will be healed; if you are called to the feet of the sick person, he is mine, and you must say that all help is free and that no doctor in the world can save him. But I'm sure if you didn't use the power against my will, it could have been worse. It didn't take long, so I became the youngest and most famous doctor in the world.. He only needs to look at the sick, so he already knows what it is like, whether he will be healed, or whether he must die, so it is called by him, and far and wide came the people here, brought him to the sick and gave him so much gold, that he soon became a richer man. Now it was certain that the King was ill, and the physician was called, and was told whether he could recover.. As he treats the sick, so death treats the sick, and the war for him is no more.. "If I could only once overhear death", thought the doctor, "I would be free to take it, but since I am the path, I must take it".. Then he gave him of the Kraute ein, und der König rested himself and was again healthy. Death, however, came to the doctors, made a bad and dark face, threatened with his finger and said: "You have led me behind the light: this time I will tell you to see, because you are my father, but if you do that once, then go to the Kragen, and I will take you myself with me". Soon afterwards, the King's daughter fell ill with a serious illness. She was his only child, and he wept day and night that his eyes might be blinded, and that he might know who she was that she might be saved from death, that she might be his bride and inherit the crown.. The doctor, when he came to the bed of the sick, saw the dead at their feet.. He should have remembered the warning of his path, but the grande beauté de la Königstochter and the happiness of her husband to be beaten so affected him that he threw all thoughts into the wind. He saw not that death casteth its wrathful glance upon him, that the hand of the sick is lifted up, and the feet of the sick are laid down;. Then he gave her the Kraut, and Alsbald red-faced her cheeks, and life arose anew. Death, seeing himself betrayed for the second time by his own, went with long steps to the doctor and said, "It is out of my hands and the turn comes now to you", grabbed him with his icy hand so hard that he could not resist, and led him into an underground cave. I saw a thousand and a thousand lights in unseen rows burned, some large, others half-large, others small. Every moment some are lost, and others are burned up again, and the flames are constantly changing their backs.. You see, the spoken word of death, they are the lights of life.. The big ones belong to the children, the half-grown ones to the elderly, the small ones to the old. But even children and young people often have only a small Lichtchen.  Zeige mir mein Lebenslicht said the doctor and meant it would be still quite large. Death has come to a small end, which is just about to go out and said "See, that's it". "Ah, lieber Pathe", said the terrified doctor, "Give me a new one, thut mirs zu Liebe, so that I can enjoy my life, König werde und Gemahl der schönen Königstochter". "I can't answer death, first must one go out, and a new one burn". "So the old one is put on a new one, which is just as strong as the one at the end, bat der Arzt".. The death seemed to be a wish, a fresh great light, but because it was a wish, it was a deliberate act, and the piece fell into a state of confusion.. Alsbald sank the doctor to the ground, and was now himself in the Hand des Todes.