Ein Schneider had a son, der war klein gerathen und nicht größer als ein Daumen, therefore he was also called der Daumerling. He had but courage in body and said to his father, "Father, I shall and must go out into the world". "Right, my son", said the old man, "took a long stop and made a knot of siegellack there, so you have also a dagger with me on the way".. It was but eben angerichtet, und die Schüssel stand auf dem Herd. "Frau Mutter, was heute zu essen?" "Sieh du selbst zu", said the mother.. Da sprang Daumerling auf den Herd und guckte in die Schüssel: weil er aber den Hals zu weit hineinstreckte, faste ihn der Dampf von der Speise und drieb ihn zum Schornstein hinaus He jumped on the herd and looked in the bowl, but his neck was too far in, so he grabbed him by the throat and dragged him out of the herd and dragged him out of the herd and dragged him out of the herd and dragged him out of the herd and dragged him out of the herd and dragged him out of the herd and dragg. A while he rode on the steam in the air, until he finally fell back to earth.. Now that Schneiderlein is out in the world, he's a master at his craft, but his food isn't good enough for him.. "Mrs. Meisterin, if you don't have any better food", said the Daumerling, "I'll go and write tomorrow morning with chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and chalk and. She put the finger in the hat and wanted to catch him, but the little Daumerling jumped into the Lapps, and as the mistress of the Lapps looked for him, he made himself in the Tischritz. He, he, Frau Meisterin, called her and stuck her head in the height, and when she wanted to hit her, he jumped in the drawer back down. But at last she caught him and chased him out of the house. The Schneiderlein wandered and came into a great forest and met with a band of robbers who had come to steal the king's treasure.. When they saw the Schneiderlein, they thought so a smaller Kerl kann durch ein Schlüsselloch kriechen and us as Dietrich dienen. Heda, rief einer, du Riese Goliath, willst du mit zur Schatzkammer gehen? du kannst dich hineinschleichen, und das Geld heraus werfen. Der Daumerling thought, finally said he ja und gieng mit zu der Schatzkammer. I'd say he's dead, but there's no Ritz in there.. Not long so discovered him, the war was wide enough to let him in. He wanted to go through the door, but one of the two guards who stood in front of the gate, noticed him and said to the other, "I'll trample them all". "Let the poor animal go", said the other, "he's got nothing".. When the Schneiderlein heard the King's coming, they wanted to see his Treasury, and they went to him.. The King noticed that many hard thalers were missing, but could not understand who should have stolen them, that the locks and seals were in good condition, and everything seemed well expected. When he came back strong and spoke to the two watches, he was one behind the money. When the watchman started his work again, they heard the money dripping and raining.. They jumped in and wanted to grab the thief .. But the Schneiderlein, that they come hear, war noch schwinder, sprang in eine Ecke und deckte einen Thaler über sich, so dass nichts von ihm zu sehen war, dabei neckte es noch die Wachen und rief hier bin ich. The Wachen lieen dahin, wie sie aber ankamen, war es schon in eine andere Ecke unter einen Thaler gehüpft, und rief he, hier bin ich. The Wachen sprangen eilends herbei, Daumerling war aber längst in eine dritten Ecke und rief he, hier bin ich. And so it had to Narren und trieb sie so. Now the Thaler is warped after and after all the outs: the last swift is with all the power, hüpfte dann selber noch behendiglich darauf und flog mit ihm durchs Fenster hinab. The robbers made him a great eulogy, "You are a great hero", they said, "Will you become our captain?" Daumerling thanked him but said he wanted to see the world first. They wanted to take the loot, but Schneiderlein wanted only a Kreuzer, because he could not bear it any longer.. He came to some master in Arbeit, but she would not taste him: finally verdingte es sich als Hausknecht in einem Gasthof. The ladies could not bear it, for without seeing him they saw everything they had secretly taken, and gave him the heritage and what they had taken from the coins and from the cellar for themselves.. They said, "We want to say, 'Intränken' and 'Verbreiten' to each other, 'Ein Schabernack anzuthun'. When the maidens came back to the garden, and saw the little one leaping up and down among the grasses, they quickly gathered him and the grass, and bound them all together in a large cloth, and made him a household for the poor.. Now there was a big black woman down there, who swallowed him with her pride, without him to blame. Unten gefiels ihm aber schlecht, denn es war da ganz finster und brannte auch kein Licht (It was dark and there was no light). When the cow was milked, the call was "strip, strap, stroll", but the cow's noise was not heard.. Afterwards the householder went into the stable and said, "Tomorrow the cow will be slaughtered". The householder was afraid that if he heard the voice, he would not let me out until I was inside.. Where are you?. "Jn der schwarzen", he replied, "but der Herr verstand nicht was das heißen sollte und gieng fort". And the next morning, the cow was slaughtered.. Fortunately, it was not the first time that the Daumerling had been attacked, but it was the first time that the Wurstfleisch had been eaten.. The first is that the Commission has not yet taken a decision on the application of the principle of equal treatment for men and women in the field of employment.. Now the poor Daumerling had seen nothing, but the nothing made him legless, and he sprang so fast between the hack knives through, that he was not touched, and he with healer Haut davon kam. But he couldn't even get up, there was no other way, he had to stop himself with the Speckbrocken in a Blutwurst. The war had ended, and the Schornstein zum Räuchern was still hanging, where he had been for a long time.. Finally in winter he was brought down, because the sausage of a guest should be prepared. When Mrs. Wirthin cut the sausage in Scheiben, he took care not to stretch his head too far forward, lest his neck be cut off: at last he saw his chance, took a breath and jumped out.. But his freedom did not last long. On the open field there is a fox in the way, the snake is in the thoughts. "Hey, Herr Fuchs, " said Schneiderlein, "I'm stuck in your neck, let me go free again". "You're right", answered Fuchs, "I've told you so much, but I'm not going to tell you anything. If you tell me about the Hühner in your father's court, I'll let you go".. When his father saw his son again, he gave him all the chickens he had.. "I'll bring you a nice piece of money, too, and I'll give you the Kreuzer, which he had bought on his wanderings". "Why did the foxes have to kill the poor Piephühner to eat?"