Once upon a time, a witch took the form of a poor man, went to the houses and begged, and found the beautiful girl.. No one knows where they were taken, because they never came back to the scene.. One day he appeared before the door of a man who had three beautiful daughters, looking like a poor weak beggar with a knife in his back, as if he wanted to give them a gentle kiss.. He was eating a biscuit, and when the oldest came out and wanted to give him a piece of bread, he touched her only once, and she had to jump into his Kötze. Darauf eilte er mit starken Schritten fort und trug sie in einen finstern Wald zu seinem Haus, das mitten darin stand He was taken to the forest and was found by his family.. In the house was everything beautiful: he gave her what she only wanted and said "My dear, it will be well pleased with you, you have everything your heart desires". It lasted a few days, then he said "I must fortify and leave you alone for a short time, then are the house keys, you can go everywhere and look at everything, but not in a room, which this little key opens, which I forbid you to live".. When the war was over, she went into the house from the bottom to the top and said, "Everything, the rooms are glittering with silver and gold, and she thought she had never seen such great splendor. Finally she came to the forbidden gate, she wanted to go over, but the curiosity left her no rest. She took the key, it looked like another, she stuck it in and turned it a little, and jumped the door on. But what did she see when she entered? A large bloody pool stood in the middle, and in it lay all sorts of people, beside it stood a block of wood and a blinking beam.. They were so terrified that they fell into the water.. She took it out again and wiped the blood off, but in vain, it came to the moment again to the appearance; she wiped and shaved, but she could not bring it down. Not long, so came the man from the journey back, and the first was the forderte war der Schlüssel und das Ei. She reached him, but she trembled, and he saw like a red stain that she had been in the Blood Chamber.. "If you go against my will into the chamber", he said, "you shall go against your will into it again".. Your life is at an end. He threw her down, dragged her by the hair, hit her head on the block and hacked her to pieces, so that her blood flowed on the floor.. Then he threw them to the rest in the Becken. "Now I will see the second Holen", said the Hexenmeister, "come again in the Gestalt eines armen Mannes vor das Haus und bettelte. And the second time he brought him a piece of bread, he found it like the first time by just stirring it up and taking it to the fort. She was no better than her sister, she let her curiosity seduce her, opened the blood chamber and looked in, and was forced to return with the life of her brother.. He's a good man, but he's smart and smart. When he had given her the key and the Ei and had gone on war, she expected the Ei first carefully, then she said the Haus and entered last in the forbidden Chamber. Ah, what a sight she was! Her two beloved sisters lay da in the Becken jämmerlich ermordet und zerhackt. But they're hub an und suchte die Glieder zusammen und legte sie zurecht, Kopf, Leib, Arm und Beine (they're all connected by the same leg, head, body, arm and leg). And when nothing was more lacking, the devils joined the limbs to rain and closed each other, and both girls opened their eyes and were again alive. The European Union is a global player in the field of education.. The man demanded upon his arrival a key and a key, and when he could find no trace of blood on it, he said, "You have passed the test, you shall be my bride". He now had no power over her and had to do what she demanded.. "Well", she replied, "you shall first bring a basket full of gold to my father and my mother and carry it yourself on your back; in the meantime I will arrange the wedding". Then she went to her sisters, who had hidden it in a small room, and said, "the moment is now when I can save you: the bad weight should take you home by itself; but as soon as you are at home, send help to me".. He sat down and wanted to rest a little, but suddenly called one in the basket I looked through my window and saw that you were resting, you wanted to continue.. He wanted to sit down again, but he called me back. I looked through my window and saw that you were sleeping, and you wanted to go on. And so often he stood still, called me back, and I had to go on, until he finally came out of the house and brought the basket with the gold and the two girls to their parents' house.. Then she took a dead man with grinning teeth, put a scarf on him and a wreath, and dragged him up to the bottom of the pit and let him come out.. When all was ready, she put herself in a ball with honey, cut the bed and wrapped herself in it, so that she looked like a strange bird and no man could recognize her. When she came out of the house, and was on her way to meet some of the wedding guests, she asked, "You Fitcher's Vogel, where did you come from?" "What did the young bride do?". He asked like the others  Du Fitchers Vogel, wo kommst du her?  Jch komme von Fitze Fitchers Hause her.   Was macht denn da meine junge Braut?   Has gekehrt von unten bis oben das Haus, und guckt zum Bodenloch heraus.  Der Bräutigam schaute hinauf und sah den geputzten Todtenkopf, da meinte er es wäre seine Braut und nickte ihr zu und grüßte sie freundlich. As he gathered his guests into the house, he waited for the bride's brothers and relatives, who had been sent to rescue her.. They closed all the doors of the house so that no one could escape, and they also ordered that the Witch Master and his entourage be burned.