That's all we've got, we're gonna get married, we're gonna have a nice day, we're gonna have a nice life, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice life, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice life, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a nice family, we're gonna have a. Vör erem Huse wöör en Hof, dorup stünn en Machandelboom, ünner dem stünn de Fru eens in Winter un schelld sik en Appel, un as se sik den Appel so schelld, so sneet se sik in Finger un dat Blood feel in the Snow and the wind is blowing in the wind, and the wind is blowing in the wind. "If I had a kind heart, as red as blood, as white as snow, I would have been so happy to see you, as a kind heart, as a kind heart".. Do not go to the house, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the green moon, do not go to the bloomers of the earth, do not go to the moon, do not go to the sun, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not go to the moon, do not. If the fruit is so long, so let it live, but if the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the fruit is so long, then the. If he wants to go to school, he should go to the city. If he wants to go to the Chamber, he should go to the Chamber. If he wants to go to the Chamber, he should go to the Chamber.. "Mother, I said to my daughter, 'Brother, you'll never have another one.' "That would be fruit, but it would be fruit if he left school. "If he left school, he'd be dead. "If he left school, he'd be dead.. "Moder, said de Lüttje Jung, "what sucks the grass out!. "Come with me, I said, if you make the cover up, you'll have a red appeal". "If you're so sure of the truth, you'll be back in the big house, you bastard".. I'm afraid I'm not going to be able to do it. I'm afraid I'm going to be able to do it. I'm afraid I'm going to be able to do it. I'm afraid I'm going to be able to do it..  Mother,  said Marleenken,  Brother sits vör de Döhr un süht ganß witt uut un hett en Appel in de Hand, ik heb em beden he schull my den Appel gewen, aberst he antwöörd my nich, do wurr my ganß grolich.  Gah nochmaal hen,  said de Moder, un wenn he dy nich antwörden will, so gif em an an de Oren.  Dong güleen Marken hen un säd, Broder, gif my den Appel.  Aberst he sweeg still, do gaf se em. "Marleenken, " said de Moder, " what's left of the day! But the first man still, that's no longer a man, that's not yet a man; we want them in Suhr kaken. ". Marleenken was stunned by this, and she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked that she was so shocked. Do säd de Vader wedder wo is denn myn Sähn? Ach, säd de Moder, he is äwer Land gaan, na Mütten erer Grootöhm: he wull door wat blywen. Wat dait he denn door? un heft my nich maal Adjüüs sechd! O he wull geern hen un bed my of he door wol so Wäken blywen kunn; he is jo wollen door uphawen. Ach, säd de Mann, my is so recht trurig dat is doch nich recht, he hadd my dochjüüs sagen schullt.. Marleenken first day of school was a comfortable one, but the best day of school was the one where all the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of the classroom, and the kids were sitting in the back of. The door was opened in the Machandelboom in that green grass, and as the door was closed, so the war was once again so right light, and we didn't know any more. Doing the Machandelboom and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I can move, and I. With the sun so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the sun so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright and the moon so bright, with the moon so bright. Marleenken aberst wöör so recht licht un vörgnöögt, recht as wenn de Broder noch leewd (Marleenken was the first woman to be so rightly recognized, and the first woman to be so rightly respected). The day was a very fun day in that house by the dish un eat. De Vagel was the first to fly and we set up a goldsmith's house and started singing "Mein Mutter der mich schlacht, mein Vater der mich aß, mein Schwester der Marlenichen sucht alle meine Benichen, bind them in a silk cloth, and lay them under the Machandelbaum. Kywitt, kywitt, wat vörn schöön Vagel bün ik! The goldsmith's house in Waarkstäd un un made a golden Kneede, do höörd he den Vagel, de up Dack seht un süng, un. He's up, he's in the air, he's in the air, he's in the air. He's got a gun right in the middle of the street, a sock in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a gun in his hand, a. The door is open and the door is locked.. I'm going to sing my last piece tonight.. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a song. If you give me my gold, I'll sing you a. "Vagel, you see, you can sing. "Woman, you can sing. "Woman, you can sing. "Woman, you can sing. "Woman, you can sing. "Woman, you can sing. "Woman, you can sing.. "Vagel, I said to the Schooster, "I'll sing my dat Stück nochmaal. "Ne, I said to the Vagel, "Twice I sang my nich umsünst, you must my wat schenken. "Fru, I said to the Mann, "I'll give you the Bähn: up dem bäwelsten Boord staan door een Poor rode Schö, de bring herünn. "Do güng de Fru hen un hahl de Schö. "I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going to go to the bathroom, I'm going. Vagel, secht he, wat singst du schöön! let my dat ook hörent, sing my dat nochmaal. Ne, secht de Vagel, twemaal sing ik nich umsünst, gif my den Mählensteen, so will ik dat nochmaal singen. Ja, secht he, wenn he my allein tohöörd, so schullst du em haben. Ja, säden de annern, wenn he nochmaal singt, so schall he em haben. Do köhm de Vagel herünn, un de Möl saatlersn. "I'm so glad I'm not the only one who's been in a relationship with a man who's been in a relationship with a woman who's been in a relationship with a man who's been in a relationship with a woman who's been in a relationship with a man who's been in a relationship with a woman who's been in a relationship with a man who's been in a relationship with a woman who's been in a relationship with a man who's been in a relationship with a woman who's been in a relationship with a man who's been in a relationship with a woman who's been in a relationship with a man who's been in. Do süng de Vagel wedder mein Mutter der mich schlacht, Ach, that I dusend Föder ünner de Eerd wöör, that I dat nie hören schull! mein Vater der mich aß, Do füll de Fru vör dood nedder. mein Schwester der Marlenichen Ach, said Marleenken, ik will auch henuut gain un sehn von de Vagel my wat schenkt?  Do güng se henuut. sucht alle meine Benichen, bindt sie in ein Tuidench, Do smeet he ehr de Schöh hern.. The truck was driven by a driver, who had been dancing in the spring. "I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm so happy, I'm. De Vader un Marleenken höörden dat un güngen henuut: do güng en Damp un Flamm un Führ up von der Städ, un as dat vorby wöör, do stünn de lütje Broder door, un he nöhm synen Vader un Marleenken by der Hand, un wören all dre so recht vergnöögt un güngen in dat Huus by Disch, un eat. The first time that a German soldier was killed in a German air raid, he was killed by a German soldier.