There was a farmer who had a faithful dog, called the Sultan, who had lost all his teeth during the war, so that he could no longer pack. The old Sultan shot me tomorrow, there is no use for it. The woman, who had sympathy with the faithful animal, replied, if he had served us so long and been honest with us, we could give him the Gnadenbrot. The man said, "You are not quite divorced: he has no teeth in his mouth, and no thief fears him, he can go now".. If he hadn't served, he would have gotten his guts fried for it. Poor dog, who wasn't far from it in the sun, had everything with him and was sad that tomorrow would be his last day.. He had a good friend, the war of the wolf, to whom he would go out in the forest and complain about the fate that awaited him. "Hear, Gevatter", said the Wolf, "Seven mouths, I will tell you from your heart nothing can help. I have thought of something. Tomorrow morning your husband and wife go home, and they take their little ones with them, because no one stays home.. You take care of the child during the work behind the hedge in the shade to lay down: lay down on the other side, just as you would have you guarded it. I will then come out of the forest and rob the kind: you must be free to spring, if you want to be abjagen again. I let it fall, and you bring it back to the parents, who believe that you would have been saved and are much too grateful that they should have made you a leader: on the contrary, you come in völlige Gnade, and they were to make you nothing more lacking. The attack pleased the dog, and as he had imagined war, so it was also executed. The father cried when he saw the wolf with his child running through the field, when it was brought back by the old Sultan, he was afraid, he stroked him and said "no hair should be crumbled, you should eat the Gnadenbrot, so long as you live". To his wife he said "go home and cook the old Sultan a week's bread, which he does not need to bite, and bring the head pillow from my bed, which I gave him to his bed. " From now on the old Sultan was so good, as he could only wish. Soon afterwards the Wolf visited him, and rejoiced that all had gone so well.. "But Gevatter", he said, "you will have your eyes twitched, if I have occasion to fess your master a sheep hole".. It is hard to fight a day like today. The dog replied, "I will not lie to my master, I cannot admit it". The wolf said, "I am not serious", and came in the night to rescue the sheep.. But the Bauer, the true Sultan had betrayed the Wolves' plan, passed him on and killed him with the Dreschflegel garstig die Haare. The wolf had to run away, but the dog had to cry, "Wart, du schlechter Geselle, dafür sollst du büßen". The next morning the wolf sent the pig, and the dog went out into the forest to ask for help, so that they could finish their work.. The old Sultan could not find any help as a cat, which had only three legs, and when they came out together, the poor cat humped and stretched at the same time the tail in the height. The wolf and his assistant were already in place, but when they saw their opponent coming, they thought he was carrying a sword with him, because they saw the cat's tail upright. And when the poor animal jumped on three legs, she thought it was no different than having a stone on each one, so she wanted to throw it on her. The wild boar has gotten into the grove, and the wolf has jumped on a tree.. The Dog and the Cat, when they came back, were surprised that no one had seen them.. The wild boar had not been able to hide in the hole, but his ears were still ringing.. While the cat was looking at him, the pig was listening to him. The cat, who thought he was a mouse, jumped up and ran into him.. The dog and the cat looked up and saw the wolf, who was ashamed that he had shown himself so fearful and took peace from the dog.