Once upon a time I was chasing a king in a great forest and I was chasing a wild man so eager that none of his people could follow him. When the evening came, he stopped and looked at himself, and saw that he had been mistaken.. He was looking for a way out, but couldn't find one.. I saw an old woman with a shaky head, who was coming to him; she was a witch. "Dear Mrs", he said to her, "can you not show me the way through the forest?" "Yes, Herr König", she replied, "I can, but there is a condition. If you do not fulfill it, you will never come out of the forest and must die of hunger in it".. "I have a daughter", said the old woman, "who is as beautiful as you can find one in the world, and well deserving of being your wife, if you will make her a queen, I will show you the way out of the forest". The king, in the fear of his heart, wanted one, and the old woman led him to her house, where her daughter sat by the fire.. She felt the King as if she had expected him, and he saw well that she was very beautiful, but she did not like him, and he could not look at her without secret grief. After he had carried the girl on horseback, the old woman showed him the way, and the king went back to his royal palace, where the wedding was celebrated.. Because he now feared the Stepmother would not treat her well and give them a bad reputation, so he brought her to a lonely castle, in the middle of a walled stand. It was so hidden, and the way was so hard to find, that he himself would not have found it, had not a wise woman a Knäuel Garn of more wonderful property bestowed it upon him; if he had seen it before him, he wrapped himself in it and showed him the way.. The King went out so often to see his beloved children that the Queen noticed his absence; she was curious and wanted to know what he was doing out in the woods all alone.. She gave his servants a lot of money, and they told her the secret and told her also about the Knäuel, who alone could show the way. Now she had no rest till she had brought out where the king had kept the Knuel, and then made her a little white-haired girl, and having learned from her mother the art of witchcraft, she cast a spell on her. And when the king once went on the hunt, she took the shirt and went into the forest, and the knight showed her the way.. The children, who saw someone coming from far away, thought their beloved father would come to them and jump to his full joy. When they had touched each one of the girls, and their bodies had been touched, they turned into swans and flew across the forest.. The Queen went home quite happy, and thought her stepchildren were gone, but the girl had not run to meet her with the brothers, and she knew nothing of him.. Other days the king came and wanted to visit his children, but he found no one as the girl. Where are your brothers?. "Ah, dear Father", she replied, "they are strong and have left me alone", and told him that she had seen from his window how his brothers had flown away like swans over the forest, and showed him the feathers they had dropped in the courtyard, and which she had uncovered. The King was sad, but he didn't think the Queen would have brought the evil that had been done, and because he feared the girl would be stolen from him too, so he wanted to take her with him. But she was afraid of the stepmother, and told the king that it was only this night that she should stay in the forest castle. The poor girl thought "My stay is no longer here, I will go and look for my brothers".. He spent the whole night and the next day in a fort, until he was tired and couldn't go on.. He saw a hut, went upstairs, and found a room with six little beds, but he dared not to lie in one, but to crawl under one, lay on the hard ground and wanted to spend the night in the sun. But as the sun was about to set, I heard a noise and saw six swans flying in through the window.. They sat down on the floor, and blew each other and blew off all their feathers, and their swan skin streaked off like a shirt. And when she saw the girl and recognized her brother, she was happy and crawled under the bed again. The brothers were not less delighted when they saw their sister, but their joy was of short duration. "Here can't be your place to stay", she said to him, "this is a hostel for robbers, if they come home and find you, they'll kill you". "Can't you protect me?" asked her sister.. "No", she replied, "because we can only hold our swan for a quarter of an hour every evening, and in that time we have changed our human form, but then we will be transformed into swans again". "The sister cried and said, "can't you be saved?". You may not speak or laugh for six years, and you must in the meantime gather six shirts for us from Sternenblumen. If a single word comes out of your mouth, all your work is lost. And when the brothers had spoken, they were gone for a quarter of an hour, and they flew like swans back out the window.. He left the Wildhütte, went into the forest and sat on a tree and brought the night to. I'm going to the hospital tomorrow.. He could not talk to anyone, and he had no desire to laugh: he sat down and watched his work. When it had been a long time that had passed, it happened that the King of the Lands was hunting in the forest and his huntsmen came to the tree, on which the girl sat. You called and said, "Who are you?" There was no answer.. "Come here to us", they said, "we won't say anything to you".. As she continued to ask questions, so she gave them her golden necklace and thought they would be satisfied with it.. But they did not leave him, and took his belt, and his garter-bands, and all that he had, and kept only his shirt.. The hunters, however, did not want to be rejected, so they climbed the tree, took the girl down and brought her before the king.. Der König asked "Who are you?" "What are you doing on the tree?". He was a freak in all languages, he knew, but he was dumb as a fish. Because it is but so beautiful war, so ward des Königs Herz gerührt, und er faßte eine große Liebe zu ihm. He took it from his horse and brought it to his castle.. He was dressed in his rich clothes, and shone in his beauty like the hells day, but there was no word from him to bring him out.. He set her at table by his side, and his modest countenance and his sitting-room-like disposition so much pleased him, that he said, "I desire to marry her, and no other in the world", and after a few days he married her.. "Who knows where the dirne is", she said, "she cannot redeem herself: she is not worthy of a king". "About a year ago, when the queen gave birth to her first child, she took her old way and covered her mouth in blood in her sleep".. If she came to the King and complained, she'd be a man-eater.. The King did not want to believe and did not want to be led into a situation where he would be killed.. She sat but constantly and drew a shirt, and watched on nothing else. The next time, when she gave birth to a beautiful boy, the false mother-in-law used the same trick, but the king could not decide her reason to believe her.. He said, "She is too good and right to do such a thing, if she were not dumb and could not be proved, so her innocence would come to light". But when the third time the old woman had stolen the newborn child and accused the queen, who had not brought a word to her vindication, the king could not help but hand her over to the court, and the court sentenced her to death by fire. When the day came for the sentence to be carried out, it was also the last day of the six years around her, in which she had not dared to speak and laugh, and she had freed her beloved brothers from the power of the sorcerers.. The six shirts were finished, only that one of the last of the left Ermel noch fehlte. When she was now being led to the Scheiterhaufen, she put the shirts on her arm, and when she stood up and the fire was about to be lit, she looked up, and there were six swans in the air, and they were taken away.. She saw that her salvation was near and her heart rejoiced. The swans rushed to her and sat down so that she could throw over their shirts: and as they were touched by it, the swan skin fell off, and her brothers stood corporeal before her and were fresh and beautiful; only the youngest lacked the left arm, and he had instead a swan wing on his back. They kissed and kissed, and the Queen went to the King, who was quite astonished, and found a reason to speak and said, "Dearest Husband, now may I speak and tell you that I am innocent and falsely accused, and told him of the fraud of the Elder, who had taken and hidden her three children. They were taken to the king's great joy, and the wicked Schwiegermutter was bound to the straw on the Scheiterhaufen and burned to ashes.. The King and Queen and their six brothers lived for many years in happiness and peace.