Once upon a time there was a king and a queen who spoke every day, "If only we had a child!". It happened that when the Queen was once in the bath, a frog came out of the water and came to her and said, "Your wish will be fulfilled, before a year has passed, you will bring a daughter into the world". It happened as the frog had said, and the Queen gave birth to a girl, who was so beautiful that the King was so happy to be with her that he made a great feast.. He let not only his relatives, friends and acquaintances, but also the wise women join in, so that they might hold the child and be weighed. There were thirteen of them in his kingdom, because he had only twelve gold coins, of which they were to eat, so one of them had to stay at home. The feast was celebrated with all its splendor, and when it was over, the wise women gave the child their miraculous gifts: the one with virtue, the other with beauty, the third with wealth, and so with everything, what on the world to wish. When the elves had just gotten their spells, they suddenly died here.. She wanted to take revenge for not having been invited, and without anyone to greet or even to look at, she called out in a loud voice "the Königstochter shall in her fifteenth year be cut into a spindle and fall down dead". And without a word more to say, she turned and left the hall. All were shocked, when the twelve were brought forth, who had no wish left, and because they could not abolish the evil spell, but only soften it, so they said, "It shall not be death, but a hundred years' deeper sleep, in which the King's daughter falls". The King, wishing to save his beloved child from the misfortune, gave the order that all the spindles in the whole kingdom should be burned.. But the girl was so beautiful, so kind, so understanding, that she was the gift of the wise women.. It happened that one day, when she was just fifteen years old, the King and the Queen were not at home, and the girl was left alone in the castle. And he came to all the places where he had been, and to the stalls and the chambers, and to the great tower, and to the great tower.. It's a small window, but it's a small window.. In the lock was a key, and when it was turned, the door opened, and in a small room sat an old woman with a spindle and she was spinning her wrenches.. "Good day, old mother", said the King's daughter, "what are you doing today?" "I'm spinning", said the old woman, "and I'm not going to be able to do it".. What is that for a thing that so lustig herumspringt? Sprach das Mädchen, nahm die Spindel und wollte auch spinnen. As soon as she had touched the spindle, the spell was fulfilled, and she stabbed herself with it in the finger.. And this sleep spread over the whole castle: the king and the queen, who had just come home and entered the hall, were beginning to fall asleep, and the whole court with them. The horses in the stable, the dogs in the court, the pigeons on the roof, the flies on the wall, the fire on the flock, the fire on the herd, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the herd, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire on the flock, the fire. And the wind ceased, and on the trees before the castle no leaf remained any more. Rings around the castle but began a hedge of thorns to grow, which every year became higher, and finally the whole castle enveloped, and moreover grew, that nothing more of it was to be seen, not even the flag on the roof. It was said that the Sage lived in the land of the sleeping Dornröschen, because that's what they called the Königstochter, and that from time to time the Königssöhne came and wanted to enter the castle through the hedge.. It was not possible, however, for the Dornen, as if with their hands, held fast together, and the Jünglinge remained hanging in it, could not make themselves loose again and died a pitiful death.. After many many years a king's son came again to the land, and heard how an old man from Dornhecke told, there should be a castle behind, in which a beautiful king's daughter, called Dornröschen, had slept for a hundred years, and with her slept the king and the queen and the whole court. He also knew from his grandfather that many of the King's sons had already come and tried to enter through the Dornenhecke, but they had remained in it and died a sad death. The young man said, "I'm not afraid, I'll go out and see the beautiful Dornröschen". The good old man let him sleep as he wanted, but he didn't listen to his words.. When the King's son approached the Dornenhecke, there were many large and beautiful flowers, which separated themselves and left him unharmed, and behind him they again formed a hecke together.. In the palace I saw the horses and the sheckens, the hounds and the dogs, lying and sleeping, the doves and the dogs under the wings.. And when he came into the house, the flies were sleeping on the wall, the cook in the kitchen held his hand, as if he wanted to grab the boy, and the maid sat in front of the black hen, which should be grabbed. And he went on, and saw in the hall the whole court lying and sleeping, and up by the throne the king and the queen. He went still further, and all was so still that one could hear his breath, and at last he came to the tower and opened the door to the little room, in which Dornröschen slept. He was so beautiful that he couldn't take his eyes off her, and he hugged her and gave her a kiss.. As he had touched it with his kiss, Dornröschen opened his eyes, awoke, and looked at him very friendly.. And they came together again, and the king awoke, and the queen, and all the court, and they looked one upon another with great eyes,. And the horses in the court stood up and rattled: the hunting dogs jumped and wedled: the pigeons on the roof pulled the Köpfchen unter Flügel out, saw the umher und flew into the field: the flies on the walls crawled on: the fire in the Küche erhobte sich, flackerte: und kochte das Essen: der Braten fieng wieder an zu brutzeln: und der Koch gave the boy an Ohrfeige, dass er schreien: und die Magd rup das Huhften fertig. And the wedding of the king's sons was celebrated with all the pomp of the Dorner's, and they lived happily ever after.