Once upon a time there was a hunter who went into the forest to hunt, and when he came into the forest, he heard a cry, like a little child.. He came to the shrine and came to a tall tree, and sat on it, a little one.. The mother and the child were asleep under the tree, and a bird of prey had seen the child in her lap: when it had flown up, it had taken it with its beak and set it on the high tree. The forester climbed up, held the child down and thought "you want to take the child to another house and raise it with your own children together". He brought it home, and the two children grew up together on the high tree.. But it was found on the tree, and because a bird had carried it away, it was found hidden.. The first was an old woman who had taken two hours and fifty minutes one evening to fetch water and had not returned to the well but had been there for many years.. Lenchen saw it and said hör einmal, alte Sanne, was bringst du denn so viel Wasser zu? If dus keinem Menschen wieder sagen willst, so will ich dirs wohl sagen. Da sagte Lenchen nein, sie wollte es keinem Menschen wiedersagen, so sprach die Köchin morgen früh, wenn der Förster auf die Jagd ist, da koche ich das Wasser, und wenn wir im Kessel sitzen, werfe ich den Fundevogel nein, und will ihn darin kochen. Des andern Morgens in aller Frühe stieg der Förster auf undeng auf die Jagd, und wenn er weg war, lagen. I said to Lenchen zum Fundevogel "You won't leave me, so I won't leave you either". I said to Lenchen, "I'll only tell you that old Sanne brought so much water into the house last night, so I asked her why she did it, so she said, if I wanted to tell anyone, she would tell me". I said, "I wanted to be sure that no one would tell me", she said, "if your father wanted to die on the hunt, he would fill the kettle with water, then you could cook it and cook it".. We want to go up, go up and go away together.. We now boiled the water in the pot, brought the cook to the bedroom, and tried to get the bird and throw it in.. But when she came in and went to the beds, the children were all strong: there was her cruel fear, and she said to herself, 'What shall I say now, when the forester comes home and sees that the children are gone?. The children were sitting in front of the forest, and when they saw the three servants walking away, Lenchen said to Fundevogel "You will not leave me, so I will not leave you either". So Fundevogel said "Now and never again". Lenchen said "Were you going to the Rosenstöckchen, and I was going to the Röschen on it".. They said there was nothing to do here, and they came home and told the kitchen they had seen nothing in the world but a rose-tree and a rose on top of it.. The old kitchen, its simple mirror, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes, its rose-bushes. The children saw them coming but from far away, so Lenchen said "Fundevogel, you don't leave me, so I won't leave you either". Fundevogel said "now and never again". Lenchen said "so you will be a church and I will be the crown in it".. They also spoke to each other, "What shall we do here, let us go home". When they had gone home, they asked the Kochins if they had found anything, and they said, "No, we have found nothing but a church, and if there had been a crown in it, we would have found it".. "Mr. Fool, you've killed Köchin, why didn't you break the church and bring the crown home?" "Now the old Köchin has killed himself and taken the three servants and the children with him".. The Kinder saw but the drei Knechte von weitem kommen, und die Köchin wackelte hinten nach. "I'm going to the lake and I'm going to die in it". "The cook came to her, and when she saw the lake, she read over it and wanted to drink it".. But the Ent came quickly swam, fastened her with her Schnabel beim Kopf and dragged her into the water: so the old Witch had to drown. And the children came together to the house, and were glad; and if they had not died, they were not yet alive.