A king had a daughter, who was by all means beautiful, but at the same time so proud and overmüthig, dass ihr kein Freier gut genug war. They know each other, and they're not spotted with each other.. Once the king had a great feast, and the men from near and far had a wedding. They were all arranged in a row according to rank and station; first came the Könige, then the Herzöge, the Fürsten, Grafen und Freiherrn, last the Edelsteine. Now the King's Daughters were led through the ranks, but each had to set something aside.. "There's a war going on in your dick", "Weinfaß!". The second is long, short and shaky, the third is short, short and shaky, the fourth is blue, the fifth is red, the sixth is not enough, the green wood, the oven is dry, and so they had to put something on each one, but they made themselves a good king, the very top, and the king was a little bit crooked. "He, she cried and laughed, "had a chin like a drowning man's beak, "and since that time has been called the Name of the Drowning Man. But the old king, when he saw that his daughter was not as the people had spotted, and all the freemen who were there, were disgusted, he was angry and swore, she should take the first best beggar to man, to come to his door.. When the King heard it, he said, "Let him come up". The Spielmann, in his filthy lost clothes, came in, sang before the King and his daughter, and when he finished, he gave a mild gift.. The King said, "Your song has pleased me so well, that I will give you my daughter to marry". The King's daughter was horrified, but the King said, "I have taken the oath, to give you the first best Bettelmann, which I will also keep".. When that was done, the King said, "Now it is not good that you should remain in my castle as a beggar's wife any longer, you can only go on with your husband". The beggar led her out by the hand, and she had to go on foot with him.. If you had come to a great forest, you would have asked, 'Who owns the beautiful forest?' If you had taken it, it would have been yours. If you had taken it, you would have taken the King Drosselbart. If you had taken it, you would have taken the beautiful green meadow. If you had taken it, you would have taken the King Drosselbart. If you had taken it, you would have taken the King Drosselbart. If you had taken it, you would have taken the King Drosselbart. If you had taken it, you would have taken the King Drosselbart. If you had taken it, you would have taken the King D. "Where are the servants?" spake the King's daughter.. "Was Diener!" replied der Bettelmann, "you must do yourself what you want to get than have. The King's daughter knew nothing of fire-making and cooking, and the Bettelmann had to think of something himself, that it might be so painful to eat.. When they had eaten their little meal, they went to bed, but in the morning they went out early to take care of the house.. Some days they lived on this kind of bad and right, and they kept their stock on. I said, "Woman, we're not going to live here any longer, and we're not going to earn anything".. You shall be a little weary. He came out, cut the weeds, and brought them home. He found them a little weary, but the hard weeds stuck in the soft hands.. "I see that this is not possible", said the man, "spin better, perhaps you can do better". She sat down and tried to spin, but the hard thread cut her hair in the soft finger, so that the blood would flow down from it.. "You see", said the man, "you're not going to work, but I've come to the worst. Now I will try, and begin a trade in pottery and earthenware: you shall sit in the market, and keep the wares. " "Ah", she thought, "if people from my father's kingdom come to the market, and see me sitting and keeping the wares, how they will mock me!". The first time it went well, because people bought the woman because she was beautiful, liked her clothes, and paid for what she wanted: yes, many gave her the money, and let her die without a cup.. Now they were so long gone, they had to buy a lot of new equipment.. They sat down with an Ecke des Marktes, and sat down with her, and held her. I was suddenly chased by a drunken man, and I was right in the middle of the street, and everything in a thousand pieces of glass broke.. She felt a need to cry and knew she shouldn 't have started .. "Ach, wie wird mirs ergehen!" She cried, "What will my husband say?" She loved him and told him of her misfortune.. "Who sits also at the corner of the market with his iron dishes?" said the man, "Leave only the wine, I see you are not in need of any proper work".. I was in our King's castle and asked if you could not use a kitchen maid, and they promised me they would take you to it; for that you get free food.. She made herself into a Taschen ein Töpfchen fest, in which she brought her to Haus von den übrig gebliebenen zu Theil ward, and from there she learned herself. It was decided that the wedding of the eldest son of the king should be celebrated, so the poor woman came up, stood in front of the Saalthüre and wanted to watch.. When the lights were now lit, and one was always more beautiful than the other, and all was full of splendor and glory, she thought with a sad heart of her fate, and despised her pride and overmuth, which had humiliated her and plunged her into such great poverty.. Of the costly food, which she had brought, and of the smell of her ascent, her servant sometimes threw a few brocken to her, which she had in her lap, and wanted to carry home.. Once treated the King's son herein, was in Sammt und Seide gekleidet and had golden Chains um den Hals. And when he saw the beautiful woman standing in the Thür, he took her by the hand, and wanted to dance with her, but she refused and was terrified, for she saw that it was the King Drosselbart, whom she had freed and whom she had ridiculed. The first is that the Commission has not yet adopted a proposal for a directive on the protection of workers from the risks related to exposure to asbestos at work.. And as the people saw, there arose a general laughter and mockery, and they were so ashamed that they would have preferred a thousand clafts under the earth. She ran to the door and tried to escape, but on the stairs she met a man and brought him back. When she saw him, it was again the King Drosselbart.. He spoke to her kindly, "I'm not afraid of you, I and the player who lived with you in the miserable house are one: I've made myself so in love with you, and I've been the same to you, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice, I've been to you twice. All this has happened to curb your pride and to punish you for your arrogance, with which you have mocked me. She wept bitterly and said, "I have done a great wrong and am not worthy to be your wife". But he said, "To comfort you, the bad days are over, now we want to celebrate our wedding".. If I wanted, you and I, we would have been there too.