Once upon a time, in the middle of winter, the snowflakes fell like feathers from the sky, and a queen sat at a window, which had a frame of black ebony, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a queen, and she saw a king and a. And as she looked so close and after the snow, she stabbed herself with the needle in the finger, and it fell three drops of blood in the snow. And because the red in the white snow was so beautiful, she thought to herself, "I have a child so white as snow, so red as blood, and so black as wood and frame". Soon after, she had a daughter, who was so white as snow, so red as blood, and so black as wood, and was therefore called the Snow White.. And when the child was born, the queen died.. She was a beautiful woman, but she was proud and over-mighty, and could not bear to be surpassed by anyone's beauty.. She had a wonderful mirror, when she stood before the throne and looked into it, she said, "Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the most beautiful in the whole land?" So the mirror answered, "Mrs. Queen, you are the most beautiful in the land". She was satisfied, because she knew that the mirror was telling the truth. But Snow White grew wonderfully, and became more and more beautiful, and when it was seven years old, it was so beautiful, like the clear day, and more beautiful than the Queen herself.. When the queen asked her mirror, "Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the most beautiful in the whole country?" she replied, "Mrs. Queen, you are the most beautiful here, but Snow White is a thousand times more beautiful than you".. From the moment she saw Snow White, her heart was in her body, so she hated the girl.. And the envy and pride grew like a weed in their hearts increasingly, that they had no rest day and night. I called a hunter and said, "Bring the child out into the woods, I don't want to see him again".. You shall kill him, and bring me lung and liver to the landmark. The hunter listened and led him out, and when he had taken the Hirschfanger and wanted to pierce the innocent heart of the Snow Witch, he found him crying and said, "Oh, dear hunter, let me live; I will walk in the wild forest and never come home again".. And when a young freshman came, he jumped out, took his lung and liver out, and brought them as a sign of the queen's presence.. The cook had to cook it in salt, and the wicked woman had to eat it up and thought she had eaten Snow Witch's lungs and liver.. He's got a lot of love and a lot of love for the spiked stones and the dorn, and the wild animals that jumped over him, but they didn't do anything to him.. It was so long that only the feet could stand, until it soon became evening, that it was a small house and went into the night. In these houses everything was small, but so clean and clean, that it is not to be said. The white-covered table with seven small plates, each plate with its loaf, seven messelets and goblets, and seven cups.. And on the wall were seven beds, set up beside each other, and covered with snow-white sheets.. Snow White, because she was so hungry and thirsty, had to eat a little bread and a little vegetables from each plate, and drink a little wine from each cup, because she didn't want to take everything away from one person.. Then, because he was so tired, he lay down in a bed, but no one came; the one was too long, the other too short, until finally the seventh right war: and in it he remained lying, hid himself and slept. When it became very dark, came the Herren von dem Hauslein, who were the seven dwarves, who in the Bergen nach Erz hacken und gruben. They lit their seven little lights, and as it was now hell in the little house, they saw that someone had been in it, for it was not all so in order, as they had left it.. The first spoke who has sat on my chair? The second who has eaten from my plate? The third who has taken from my bread? The fourth who has eaten from my bread? The fifth who has touched my table? The sixth who has cut my knife? The seventh who has drunk from my cup? Then the first saw himself and saw that on his bed a small dimple was, and he spoke who has got into my bed? The other came and sat down and ate in my bed also someone was. The. Now he called the others, who came here to run, and shouted in amazement, holding their seven Lichtlein, and bewitched Snow White. "Oh, my God! Oh, my God!" she cried, "What a beautiful child!" and she was so delighted that she did not wake him, but let him sleep in her bed.. The seventh dwarf slept with his companions, each for an hour, and spent the night there. When it was morning, Snow White woke up, and as the seven dwarfs saw, they were terrified.. You were but friendly and frank. What's your name?. How did you get into our house?. He told them that his stepmother would have let him kill her, the hunter would have given him the gift of life, and that he would have run all day, until he had finally found her house. The Dwarves said, "Will you clean our house, cook, make bed, wash, wash and dress, and will you keep everything neat and clean, so you can stay with us, and there will be no mistakes".. They kept the house in order: in the morning they went to the mountains and looked for ore and gold, in the evening they came back, and by noon they had to be ready. The day after the war the girl alone, warned by the good dwarf and said "Beware of your stepmother, she will soon know that you are here; let no one in. " The Queen, however, after she believed to have eaten Snow Witch's lungs and liver, thought no different than she was again the first and most beautiful, stood before her mirror and said "Spieglein, mirror on the wall, who is the most beautiful in the whole land?" The mirror answered "Woman Queen, you are the most beautiful here, but Snow Witch over the mountains near the seven thousand dwarfs is still more beautiful than you. " She was fri. And when the truth and the truth rise again, as they wanted to kill it; for so long as they did not the most beautiful war in the whole land, they had no rest. And when she had finally figured something out, she dyed her face, and dressed herself like an old shopkeeper, and was completely unrecognizable. In this form she came over the seven mountains to the seven dwarfs, knocked on the door, and cried "Snow White looked out of the window and cried "Good day, my dear woman, what have you to sell?". "The honest woman can let me in", thought Snow White, "locking the door and buying herself a nice pair of shoes".. "Child", said the old woman, "how do you see? Come, I will tie you up once more". "Snow White had no argument, stood before her, and lay down with the newly-weds to tie her up.. "Now you're the most beautiful one", she said, and went out. Not long after, at evening time, the seven dwarfs came to the house, but they were so frightened when they saw their beloved Snow White lying on the ground; and she stood up and did not move, as if she were dead.. They took him up to the height, and when they saw that he was too fast, they cut him in two, and put him in the middle of the bed, and after a little while he came to life.. When the Dwarves heard what had happened, they said, "The old Krämerfrau was nobody like the godless Queen: hüte dich und lasse keinen Menschen herein, wenn wir nicht bei dir sind". The wicked Woman, when she came to the house, went to the mirror and asked, "Spiegelin, Spiegelin an der Wand, wer ist die schönste im ganzen Land?" She answered, "Where else?". "Now, however", she said, "I will hear something that will make you understand the reason, and with witchcraft, which she understood, she made a giant Kamm. Then she disguised herself and took the form of another old woman .. So they went over the seven mountains to the seven dwarfs, knocked on the door, and shouted "Waare feil! feil! Sneewitchen schaute heraus und sprach" "Go only further, I must not let anyone in here". "Das Ansehen wird dir doch erlaubt sein" "Speak the old man, pull the gifts out and hold him in the height". The child is so well treated that the door is left open. When they were all finished, the old woman said, "Now I will comb you properly once". The poor Snow White thought nothing of it, and let the old woman be, but the old woman had put the comb in her hair, as the gift worked in it, and the girl without a thought fell down.. "You are the bond of beauty, "spoke the boshafte Weib, "this is what happened to you, "and you are strong".. Zum Glück aber war es bald Abend, wo die sieben Zwerglein nach Haus kamen (It is a happy evening, but the war is soon over). When they saw Snow White lying dead on the ground, they had like the Stepmother in Verdacht, sucht nach, and found the poisonous Kamm, und kaum they had pulled it out, so came Snow White again to herself, und told what had gone before war. The Queen stood before the mirror and said, "Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the most beautiful in the whole country?" She replied, "Madam Queen, you are the most beautiful here, but Snow White over the mountains among the seven dwarfs is still a thousand times more beautiful than you".. "Snow White shall die", she cried, "and when it's my own life that's cost. "She'll be in a very hidden room, where no one will see, and made a very poisonous apple".. He was so beautiful, so white with a red back, that anyone who saw him was filled with lust, but whoever ate a piece of him would die.. When the apple was ready, she dyed her face, dressed as a peasant woman, and walked over the seven mountains to the seven dwarfs.. She knocked, Snow White put her head out the window and said, "I must not let anyone in, the seven dwarfs have forbidden me".. "I'll give you one". "No", said Snow White, "I must not take anything". "Are you afraid of the gift?" said the old woman. "You see, I cut the apple in two; the red one I eat, and the white one I eat".. Snow White glanced at the beautiful apple, and when she saw that the apple was gone, she couldn't resist any longer, reached out and took the poisonous half.. Kaum aber hatte es einen Bissen davon im Mund, so fiel is todt zur Erde nieder (I have been given a piece of bread in the world, so faithful to the earth). The Queen looked at her with grim eyes and laughed loudly, and said: "White as snow, red as blood, black as ebony! this time the dwarves can't wake you up again". And when she asked the Mirror at home, "Spieglein, Spieglein an der Wand, who is the most beautiful in the whole country?". They put it on, they found it to be poisonous, they put it on, they put it in his hair, they washed it with water and wine, but it was half all and nothing; that kind of love was dead and remained dead. And they laid him on a bed, and sat down all seven of them therein, and mourned and wept, and wept three days.. They wanted to bury him, but he was still as fresh as a living man, and had his beautiful red back.. They said, "We cannot bury her in the black earth", and they made a transparent coffin of glass, so that she could be seen from all sides, and they put her in it, and wrote her name on it in golden letters, and that she was a king's daughter.. Then they set the sarcophagus out on the mountain, and one of them stayed always with him, and watched it. And the beasts came and called Snow White, first an owl, then a raven, last a dove. Now Snow White lay not for a long time in the sarg und verweste, but looked as if she were sleeping, for she was not so white as snow, so red as blood, and so black-haired as Ebenholz. It happened, however, that a king's son came to the forest and spent the night in the Zwergenhaus.. I saw on the mountain the Sarg, and the beautiful Snow White therein, and the war was written on it with golden letters. He said to the Dwarves, "Let me have the coffin, and I will give you what you want for it". But the Dwarves replied, "We will not give him all the gold in the world". He said, "Give it to me, because I cannot live without seeing Snow White, I will honor and honor her as my favorite".. The King's son had him carried by his servants on his shoulders.. It happened that they stumbled over a bush, and from the shed came the poisonous apple tree, which Snow White had abgebissen, out of the neck. And not long after, he opened his eyes, lifted the lid of the sarge to the height, and stood up, and was alive again.. "Oh God, where am I?". The King's son said with joy, "You are with me", and told what had happened to him, and said, "I love you more than anything in the world; come with me to my father's castle, and be my bride". And the bride was given a white snowman, and the wedding was arranged with great pomp and glory.. As she had now dressed herself in beautiful clothes, she stood before the mirror and said, "Spieglein, mirror on the wall, who is the most beautiful in the whole country?" The mirror answered, "Mrs. Queen, you are the most beautiful here, but the young Queen is a thousand times more beautiful than you".. She wanted to go to the wedding, but she had to go to the castle to see the young queen.. And as she entered, she recognized Snow White, and from fear and terror she stood there and could not stop herself. But they were already put on ice shoes and were carried in with chains and hung on a pole.. She had to walk in red glistening shoes and dance until she fell to the ground.