Once upon a time there was a miller, a war arm, but he had a beautiful daughter.. Now it happened that he came to speak with the King, and to give himself an honor, he said to him: "I have a daughter, who can spin straw into gold". The King spoke to the miller: "This is an art, which I like well, if your daughter is so skilled, as you say, so bring her tomorrow in my castle, then I will put her to the test".. "Good evening, Jungfer Müllerin, why are you crying so much?" "Ah", replied the girl, "I shall spin gold, and you won't understand". "My necklace was given to me, when I said spin".. The man took the collar, sat down in front of the wheel, and snorted, snorted, snorted, three times, and then he died.. Then another one came up, and snurr, snurr, snurr, three times, and the second time was full, and so it was till the morning, when all the straw was scattered, and all the coils were full of gold.. At sunrise the king came to the palace and when he saw the gold, he was amazed and delighted, but his heart was still more gold-hungry.. He had the Müllerstochter brought to another chamber full of straw, which was still much larger, and ordered her to spin it also in one night, if her life was to be better. The girl didn't know how to help and cried, and then she opened the door again, and the little man appeared and said, "What did you give me, when I told you that the straw was made of gold?". The man took the ring, and went to the wheel and had until morning all the gold spinning.. The King was glad to see the Maßen, but still did not satisfy the Goldes, and sent the Müllerstochter to a still larger chamber full of straw, and said, "You must still spend the night in it, but if you are a Müllerstochter, you will become my wife". He thought, "I will not find a richer wife in the whole world".. So promise me, when you become queen, your first child. Who knows how the night goes? Thought the Müllerstochter and knew herself also in the Noth nicht anders zu helfen; she also promised the Männchen what was desired, und das Männchen spann dafür noch einmal das Stroh zu Gold. And when the morning of the king came and everything was as he had wished, so he held a wedding with her, and the beautiful Müllerstochter became a queen. Over a year she brought a beautiful child into the world and thought no more about the man: then she suddenly went into her chamber and said: "Give me what you have promised". The queen was frightened and offered the man all the wealth of the kingdom, if she wanted to leave the child: but the man said: "No, living is better than all the treasures of the world".. The next day the man came and found her with Caspar, Melchior, Balzer, and said all the names she knew, in turn, but at each one the man said, "So I am not". The second day she was in the neighborhood asking how the people were called, and told the man the most unusual and strange names, "So you are perhaps Rippenbiest or Hammelswade or Schnürbein?" But the answer was always, "So I am not". The third day the man came back and told her a new name, but I could not find one, but as I was on a high mountain the Waldecke, came to Fuchs and said to myself