Once upon a time there was a woman who was a real witch, and she had two daughters, one ugly and bad, and she loved her because she was her real daughter, and one beautiful and good, and she hated her because she was her stepdaughter. At one time the stepdaughter had a beautiful skirt, which the other liked, so that she needed it and her mother said she wanted and must have the skirt. "Sei still, mein Kind, sprach die Alte, "you shall have her also. Your stepsister has long been condemned to death, tonight when she sleeps, so I'm coming and ha'er the Kopf ab. The only thing to worry about is that you'll be lying in bed and you'll be right in front of her. If the poor girl hadn't been standing in a corner and listening to everything that was going on, she would have been dead.. It was not allowed to go out to the door all day, and when it was time to go to bed, it was necessary to go to bed first, so that she could lie down behind it; but when she had fallen asleep, she went to the front and took her place behind a wall.. In the night came the old woman, in the right hand she held an axe, with the left she felt first whether someone was lying in front of her, and then she took the axe with both hands, and held her own child's head off. When she had gone away, the girl stood up, and went to his lover, whose name was Roland, and knocked on his door. When he came out, she spoke to him, "Liebster Roland, we must flee, the Stepmother has me to death, but her own child has been killed".. "But I can tell you", said Roland, "that if you take away her magic wand, we cannot save ourselves if she follows us and chases us". The girl took the magic wand, and then she took the dead man's head and threw three drops of blood on the ground, one in front of the bed, one in the kitchen, and one on the stairs.. And when the morning came, the old witch arose, and called her daughter, and would give her the Schürze, but she came not.. I called her, "Who are you?" She said, "Here on the stairs, I want you to answer me with a drop of blood".. The old man comes out, but sees no one on the stairs and calls out "Where are you?". She came into the kitchen, but she found no one.. I'll call you again. Who are you?. They're coming in the Kammer ans Bett.. She saw her own child, who was swimming in his blood, and whose head she had cut off herself. The witch grew angry, jumped out of the window, and as she could look far into the world, she saw her stepdaughter, who was with her beloved Roland,. "If you are far away, you cannot escape me". She took her milestone boots, in which she took one step at a time, and it did not take long for her to catch up with them.. But the girl, as the old man wrote, was transformed by the magic wand of his beloved Roland into a sea, and herself into a being, who was swimming in the midst of the sea.. The Witch stood on the bank, threw bread-brocken in and gave herself all the trouble to lock the Ent her up: but the Ent was not locked, and the Old One had to return to the Unrepaired thing again. Darauf took the girl with his Liebsten Roland again the natural Gestalt an, und sie kamen die ganze Nacht weiter bis zu Tagesanbruch. He turned the girl into a beautiful flower, died in the middle of a thornheck stand, his Liebsten Roland became a violinist. Not long after, the witch came back and wrote to the player, "Spielmann, darf ich mir wohl die schöne Blume abbrechen?" "Oh yes", she replied, "I will also aufspielen".. The faster he played, the more powerful springs she had to make, and the thorns tore her clothes from her body, staining them bloody and wounded, and as he did not stop, she had to dance so long until she was lying dead. When they were now rescued, Roland said "Now I will go to my father and order the wedding. " So I will stay here, " said the girl, " and wait for you, and so that no one recognizes me, I will turn myself into a red Feldstein. ". But when Roland came home, he fell into the trap of one of the others, who brought him there, that he forgot the girl. The poor girl stood for a long time, when he finally did not come back, so was sad and turned into a flower and thought "It will be well one will go and meet me". It was also true that a shepherd on the field his sheep hütte and the flower saw, and because she was so beautiful, so he took her away, took her with him, and put her in his chest.. When he got up in the morning, all the work was done: the stove was turned, the table and the bench were removed, the fire was put on the flock, and the water was carried; and when he came home in the afternoon, the table was covered and a good meal was carried.. He could not understand how this happened, because he had never seen a human being in his house, and no one could have hidden in the little hut. The good Aufwartung gave him freedom, but in the end he was afraid, so that he became a wise woman and asked a question.. The wise woman said there is magic behind it; give once in every morning eight if something is in the room, and if you see something, it may be what it will be, so throw a white cloth over it, then the magic will be stopped.. I'm going to go and get a white cloth over it.. Alsbald was the Transformation vorbei, und ein schönes Mädchen stand before him, das bekannte ihm dass it die Blume gewesen wäre und sein Haushalt bisher besorgt. He told him his fate, and because he liked it, he asked if he wanted to marry him, but he answered "no", because he wanted to be faithful to his beloved Roland, although he had left him, but he promised that he would not leave, but would keep him in his house. Now came the time when Roland was to celebrate his wedding, and according to the old custom in the country it was announced that all the girls should sing in honor of the bride and groom. The faithful girl, when she heard of it, was so sad that she thought the heart in her body would leap out of her, and did not want to go, but the others came and took her away. If the line came that it should sing, so it treated it back, until it alone left the war, it could not be otherwise. But as his song began, and he came to Roland's ears, he sprang up, and cried, "I know the voice, this is the right bride, I do not want another". Everything he had forgotten and had lost in his mind was suddenly back in his heart.. He held the wedding of his beloved Roland, and his war was a pain to end and a joy to end.