Once upon a time, there was a king who had a beautiful garden behind his castle, in which stood a tree, the golden apple tree.. When the apples ripened, they were counted, but the next morning, there was one missing.. The ward reported to the King, and he ordered that all nights under the Baume watch should be kept. The king had three sons, of whom he sent the eldest to the garden at nightfall: as it was after midnight, he could not prevent himself from sleeping, and the next morning he again missed an apple. The next night the second son had to stay awake, but the first was no better: when twelve o'clock had struck, he slept, and in the morning there was an apple. Now it was the turn to watch the third son, the war was also ready, but the king did not trust him much and thought he would be even less ausrichten as his brothers: but finally he was allowed to be still. The boy also lay under the tree, wachte und ließ den Schlaf nicht Herr werden. When it twelve struck, so rauschte etwas durch die Luft, und er sah im Mondschein einen Vogel daher fliegen, dessen Gefieder ganz von Gold glänzte. The bird had just taken an apple and was lying on the tree, when the boy shot a spear at him.. The bird flew away, but the arrow had struck its feather, and one of its golden feathers fell from it.. The young man got up, brought her to the king the next morning and told him what he had seen in the night.. The king gathered his army, and every man declared a federation like this to be more valuable than the whole kingdom.. "If the feather is so precious", declared the king, "so help me, even the one thing, but I will and must have the whole bird". The eldest son set off, trusting in his wisdom and believing that the golden bird would be found.. Like a man walking along a path, he saw a fox sitting on the edge of a forest, he put his gun to his head and aimed at him.. The Fuchs rief "Schieß mich nicht, ich will dir dafür einen guten Rath geben" (I will give you a good Rath for this). You are on the way to the golden bird, and you will come to a village tonight, where two hostels stand opposite each other.. "One is illuminated by the fire, and one is delighted by it: one does not remain, but goes into another, if it also looks bad". "How can I be so foolish as to give a wise horse a ride?" thought the King's son, and drove off, but he missed the fox, whose tail stretched and ran fast into the forest.. Then he set out for the village and came to the village where the two hostels stood, one of which was sung and danced, the other had a poor bride.. "I would be a fool", he thought, "if I went to the lumpy inn and left the beautiful lying there". "He also went to the funny inn, lived in the sauce and the broth, and forgot the bird his father and all the good lessons". "When a time passed and the eldest son always and always did not come home, so the second one went on the way and wanted to look for the golden bird. Like the oldest, he met the fox and gave him the good rat, which he didn't want.. He came to the two hostels, where his brother was at the window of one of the stands, from which the Jubel had escaped, and called him. He could not resist, went in and lived only his lust. Once again there was a time when the youngest king's son wanted to take off his clothes and try to save his life, but his father would not let him.. "It is in vain", he said, "that the golden bird is found even less than his brother, and when a misfortune befalls him, he knows not how to help himself; he is at his best. "But at last, as there is no more peace in the world, let him go. The European Parliament has adopted a resolution on the situation in the Middle East.. The boy was very happy and said, "You're quiet, little girl, I'm not going to tell you anything about the pain". "I don't believe you", answered the fox, "and so you'll get there faster, so get on my tail".. When they reached the village, the boy got off, followed the good horse and returned, without looking, to the small Wirthshaus, where he spent the night.. Another morning, as he was on the field, he came, sat down with the fox and said, "I'll tell you what you've done".. Go straight out, and at last you will come to a castle, in front of which a whole company of soldiers lie, but do not worry about it, because they will all sleep and snore: go in the middle of the castle and through all the rooms, and at last you will come to a chamber, where a golden bird hangs in a wooden cage. The king's son sat down on the throne, and the king's hair was blowing in the wind, and he went to the castle and found everything as the king had said.. The King's son came into the Chamber, where the golden bird sat in a wooden box, and a golden one stood beside it: the three golden apples lay in the Stube umher. He thought it would be ridiculous if he wanted to leave the beautiful Vogel in the common and common prison, open the door, pack him and put him in the golden. In the moment but that the bird a penetrating scream. The soldiers were awakened, sturzten herein und führten ihn ins Gefängnis. The next morning he was brought before a court and, as was well known, sentenced to death.. But the king said he would grant him life on one condition, if he would bring him the golden horse, which was faster than the wind, and then he should receive the golden bird as a reward. The king's son went on his way, sad but confused, because where would he find the golden horse?. "You see", said the fox, "so it is come, because you have not heard me".. But I'll take you in my arms and tell you how to ride the golden horse.. You must go farther, so you will come to a castle where the horse is kept. Before the stable the stable-men lie, but they sleep and snore, and you can calmly lead the golden horse out.. But one thing you must take heed of, put him on the bad saddle of wood and leather and not the golden one, which hangs there, otherwise it will be much worse. Then the fox stretched his tail out, the king's son sat up, and he gave strength over stock and stone so that the hair in the wind would whistle. Everything happened as Fuchs had said, he came into the stable where the golden horse stood: if he wanted to put him in the bad saddle, he thought that a beautiful animal would be destroyed, if I did not put him in the good saddle, which belonged to him.. The Stallknechte were arrested, arrested the Jüngling and threw him in jail. The next morning he was sentenced to death by the court, but the king promised to give him life and the golden horse if he could recover the beautiful Kingstochter from the golden castle.. "I should have left you to your own misfortune", said the fox, "but I have had pity on you and will not help you again".. Your way leads you straight to the golden castle, and in the evening you will be there, and in the night, when all is still, the beautiful King's daughter goes to the bathhouse, to bathe.. And when she comes in, you leap on her and give her a kiss, then she follows you, and you can carry her with you: but don't let her say goodbye to her parents first, or it may be worse. Then the fox stretched out its tail, the king's son sat up, and so it came over the stick and stone that the hair in the wind. When he arrived at the Golden Castle, it was as the Fox had said.. He waited till midnight, when all in the deep sleep lag, and the beautiful Jungfrau ins Badehaus came, da sprang er hervor und gab ihr einen Kuss. She said she wanted to go with him, but fled with him and with her three children before she allowed her to say goodbye to her parents.. He resisted her request at first, but when she cried more and more and threw him to the ground, he finally gave in.. As soon as the young woman had stepped on her father's bed, he and all the others in the castle were awakened, and the young man was taken and put in prison. The next morning the king said to him, "Your life is ruined, and you can only find mercy if you remove the mountain that lies before my windows, and over which I cannot see, and you must bring it within eight days to stand. If you succeed in this, you shall have my daughter as your reward. The king's son was very happy, but after seven days he saw how little he had accomplished, and all his work was as good as nothing, so he fell into great sadness and gave up all hope of his son's return.. On the evening of the seventh day, the fox appeared and said, "You don't deserve to be taken in, but if you go to sleep, I will die for you". The next morning, when he woke up and looked out the window, the mountain was gone.. The young man went with great joy to the king and informed him that the condition had been fulfilled, and whether the king liked it or not, he had to keep his word and give him his daughter.. "The best you have is the black", he said, "but to the young woman from the golden castle belongs also the golden horse". "How shall I get that?" asked the young man.. "I will tell you what", answered the fox, "first bring the king, then you shall go to the golden castle, and send the beautiful young woman".. It will be an unheard joy, they will gladly give and lead the golden horse. Set your head on high and take your hand off the beautiful maiden, and when you have caught her, take her with a swing and chase her away, and no one can catch you, for the horse is faster than the wind. All was happily accomplished, and the King's son led the beautiful maiden on the golden horse.. The fox did not return and spoke to the young man . Now I will also speak to the golden bird .. If you are near the castle where the bird is, let the young woman sit, and I will take her into my care.. Then ride with the golden horse in the Schloßhof: at the sight will be great joy, und sie werden dir den goldenen Vogel herausbringen. If you have the key in your hand, you must go back to the castle and find the young woman. When the attack was successful and the king's son and his treasures wanted to go home, the fox said, "Now you must reward me for my help".. "If we come to the forest, shoot me dead and cut off my head and feet". "That would be a beautiful thank you", said the King's son. "I can't possibly give you that".. "For two pieces of meat, buy no Galgenfleisch and set yourself a Brunnenrand". "So love it in the forest".. He went on with the beautiful young woman, and his way led him again through the village, where his two brothers had stayed.. There was a great uproar and noise, and if the cargo was there, that is, two people should be hanged.. When he came closer, he saw that it was his brothers, who had all done terrible things and had betrayed all their good. The question whether they could not be made free. "If you want to pay for them", replied the people, "but what do you want to the bad people your money hang and buy them. "He thought but not, paid for them, and when they were free, so they set out on the journey in common. They came in the forest, where they first met the foxes war, and therein it was kühl und lieblich war, and the sun burned hot, so the two brothers said "let us here at the well a little rest, eat and drink". He wanted to, and during the conversation he forgot, sat down at the well and did not see anything wrong. But the two brothers threw him backwards into the well, took the young woman, the horse and the bird, and went home to their father.. "We have not only brought the golden bird", they said, "we have also captured the golden horse and the maiden of the golden castle". "It was a great joy, but the horse did not eat, the bird did not whistle, and the maiden did not sit and weep".. The well was fortunately dry, and the field was soft without damage to take, but could not be re-used. Even in this night the true fox did not leave him, but came to him and told him that he had forgotten his rat.. "I can't let you go yet", he said, "I'll help you again in the daylight". He told him to grab his dick and hold on to it, and then pulled him up to the top.. "You are not yet out of all danger", said the fox, "your brothers were not aware of your death and have surrounded the forest with guards, who should kill you if you see you again. There was a poor man on the way, with the exchange of the youth the clothes and gotten in this way to the King's Court. Nobody recognized him, but the bird was hungry and thirsty, the horse was hungry and thirsty, and the beautiful young woman heard the crying.. Der König fragte verwundert What did that have to mean? Da sprach die Jungfrau I know it not, but I was so sad and now I am so cheerful. It was as if my right brother had come. She told him everything that had happened in the war, even though the other brothers had threatened her with death if she was betrayed.. The King had all the people brought before him, who were in his castle, and the young man came as a poor man in his rags, but the young woman recognized him immediately and fell on his neck. The godless brothers were caught and hanged, but he was married to the beautiful young woman and appointed as the king's heir. But what happened to poor Fuchs? Long afterwards, the king's son once again went into the forest, where he met Fuchs and said, "You have now everything you could wish for, but with my misfortune there will be no end, and it is in your power to save me, and once again I want to shoot him to death and cut off his head".. And so, when war was over, the fox became a man, and no one but the brother of the beautiful king's daughter was saved from the spell.. And now nothing more was missing to their happiness so long as they lived.