Once upon a time there was an old Geis, who had seven young Geislein, and loved them as a mother loves her children.. One day she wanted to go to the forest and get food, so she called all seven herbs and said "Dear children, I will go out into the forest, sit on your hut before the wolf, when he comes here, so he will eat you all with skin and hair. The evil man appears often, but you will recognize him immediately by his rough voice and his black feet. The Geislein said, "Loved Mother, we want to take care of ourselves already, so you can go away without worry". The Old Man knocked and made himself confident on the way. It did not take long, so someone knocked on the door and called "Mighty, my dear children, your mother is here and has brought something for each of you".. Then he came back, knocked on the door and called macht auf, ihr lieben Kinder, eure Mutter ist da and hat jedem von euch etwas mitgebracht. But the Wolf had his black Pfote in das Fenster gelegt, das sahen die Kinder und riefen wir machen nicht auf, unsere Mutter hat keinen schwarzen Fuß, wie du: du bist der Wolf. Da lieb der Wolf zu einem Bäcker und sprach ich habe an mich den Fuß gestoßen, streich mir Teig darüber. And ihm als der Bäcker die Fuß bestrichen hatte, so lieb er zum Müller und sprach Mehstreu weiß mires. Yes, these are the people. Now the big man came to the door for the third time, knocked and said: "Make me up, children, your mother has come home and has brought each of you something from the forest". The Geiserchen called: "Show us your feet, so we know that you are our mother".. We are here, the war of the wolves. They were terrified and wanted to hide .. The first one jumped under the table, the second one into the bed, the third one into the oven, the fourth one into the kitchen, the fifth one into the cupboard, the sixth one into the washing machine, the seventh one into the wall clock box. But the wolf found them all and did not long read: one after the other he swallowed in his Rachen; only the youngest in the Uhrkasten that did not find. When the wolf had had his fill, he rolled himself up, lay down outside on the green meadow under a tree and tried to sleep.. The house doors were closed, the tables, chairs and benches were turned over, the washing dishes were in shreds, the blankets and pillows were taken from the bed.. She sought her children, but nowhere were they to be found. She called them one by one by name, but no one answered. Finally when she came to the youngest, she called out in a fine voice "Dear Mother, I'm stuck in the clockbox". She pulled it out, and it told her that the wolf had come and had eaten all the others. You can imagine how she had children in her arms, and how she finally got out of her misery, and the youngest Geislein loved her.. When they came to the field, the wolf was in the tree and snorted so loudly that the horses trembled.. She looked at him from all sides, and saw that in his full belly something was right and zappelte. "Oh God", she thought, "should my poor children, who have been thrown down for supper, be still alive?". Then she cut the beast's head off, and as soon as she had gotten a cut, a little goose stretched out its head, and as she continued to cut, all six of them sprang out one after the other, and were still all alive, and had not even suffered damage, because the beast had swallowed them in the goose's mouth. The war is a joy, and the heart is like a tailor's, and the wedding is like a wedding.. The old man said, "Let's go and find Wackersteine, so we can fill their bellies with the godless, so long as they're still asleep". So they dragged the seven Geiserchen into the Eile die Steine herbei and stuck them in his stomach, so much they could bring in.. Then the old man saw him in all speed again, that he did not notice and did not even wake up. When the wolf had finally slept, he made himself on the legs, and because the stones in his stomach so great thirst aroused, so he wanted to go to a well and drink. When he tried to walk and move, the stones in his stomach clashed and fell apart.. When he called, he was rumbled and pumped in my stomach, I mean, it was six Geislein, so since later Wackerstein. And when he came to the fountain and wanted to drink water, they dragged him into the heavy stone, and he had to drown.. When the seven Geislein saw it, they came to herbei gelaufen, riefen laut "Der Wolf ist todt! der Wolf ist todt!" and danzten mit ihrer Mutter vor Freude um den Brunnen herum.