Once upon a time there was a king who had a beautiful wife with golden hair, and she was so beautiful that there was no one like her on earth.. It happened that she was sick, and when she felt that she would soon die, she called the King and said, "If after my death you want to marry again, so take no one who is not as beautiful as I am, and who does not have such golden hair, like I have; that you must promise me. " After it was her the King had promised, that she would die of starvation. The King had a long time not to console and did not think about it, a second wife to take. Finally his advice spoke: "There is no other way, the king must marry again, so that we may have a queen". Now, messengers were sent far and wide, to seek a bride, who would be like the beauty of the dead queen.. There was no one else in the whole world to find, and if one had found her, there would have been no one else, who had such golden hair. The king had a daughter, who was just as beautiful as her dead mother, and had such golden hair.. When she was grown, she saw the King once more and saw that she was in every way like his late wife and felt suddenly a fierce love for her. He said to his sons, "I will marry my daughter, for she is the image of my dead wife, and otherwise I cannot find a bride like her". When the sons heard this, they were afraid and said, "God has forbidden the father to marry his daughter, for from sin nothing good can come and the kingdom will be taken away".. "I will fulfill your wish, I must first have three dresses, one as golden as the sun, one as silver as the moon, and one as brilliant as the stars; I also want a cloak of thousands of pieces of fur and wool, and every animal in my kingdom must give a piece of its skin to it". She thought, "But this is impossible to buy, and I will bring my father's evil thoughts with it".. Finally, when all was ready, the King let her take the cloak, spread it before her and said, "Tomorrow shall be the wedding". When the King's daughter saw that there was no hope of turning her father's heart, she made the decision to flee.. In the night, while all were sleeping, she rose and took of her jewels three rings of gold, a golden spinning wheel and a golden spindle, the three robes of sun, moon and stars, which she had in a nutshell, took the cloak of all kinds of raw work and made herself face and hands with black russet.. Then she trusted God and went to the fort, and went all night, until she came to a great forest. And because she was tired, she sat down in a hollow tree, and fell asleep. The sun came up and she slept hard and slept still, as if it was already high day war. The king, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the forest, the. As his dogs came to the tree, they snorted, loved rings and bells.. The King said to the hunters, "See, there is a wild animal hiding there". The hunters followed the order, and when they came back, they said, "In the hollow tree lies a strange animal, like we have never seen one: its skin is a thousandth of fur; it lies but and sleeps". The King said, "See if you can catch it alive, then bind it to the wagon and take it with you".. There they showed him a little hut under the stairs, where there was no daylight, and said, "Ruhthierchen, you can live and sleep". Then they sent him to the kitchen, where he brought wood and water, put on his fire, broke the bread, put on his jewels, and returned to the ashes and all that bad work.. "Oh, fair King's daughter, how shall we be with thee yet?" she said to the cook, "May I go up and look at the palace, and I will stand outside the door". The cook answered, "Yes, go only there, but in half an hour you must be back to collect the ashes".. Then she made the Nude up and holden her dress over, das wie die Sonne glistened. And when this was done, she went down to the feast, and all the people kept away from her, for no one knew her, and they thought that she was a king's daughter.. The King came to meet her, held her hand and danced with her, and thought in his heart "So beautiful have my eyes never seen". When the dance was over, she bowed, and as the King had hoped, she disappeared, and no one knew where.. The guards, who stood before the castle, were called and questioned, but no one had seen them. They had gone into their stables, had quickly removed their clothes, had made their faces and hands black and had changed their fur coats, and were all looking at each other again.. When she came to the kitchen, and went to her work, and wanted to gather the ashes, the cook said, "Let the good be until morning, and cook me the soup for the king, I will also once again look at a bischen upstairs: but let me not let a hair fall in, otherwise you will have nothing more to eat in the future". When the cook came to the fort, and everyone saw him cook the soup for the king, and cooked a bread soup, so good it could be, and when she was ready, he took it into the stable, his golden rings, and placed it in the dish, in which the soup was prepared. When the war was over, the King had soup brought to him and he ate it, and it tasted so good to him that he said he had never eaten a better soup. But when he came to the ground, he saw a golden ring lying there and could not understand how it had been taken.. Before the cook should come. The cook was shocked when he heard the order and said to the king, "You have dropped a hair into the soup; if it is true, you will be beaten". The king said, "It is not true, because it was made in a different way and much better than the others". The king said, "I must admit that I did not make it, but rather it was made in a more comfortable way". The king said, "You have been beaten by the king". The king said, "You have been beaten by the king". The king said, "You have been beaten by the king". The king said, "You have been beaten by the king". The king. He answered, "Yes, but come back in half an hour and cook the king the bread soup he loves so much". He loved it in his stable, washed himself quickly and took off the clothes that were as silvery as the moon, and that was a. And she came up, and was like a king's daughter: and the king met her, and was glad to see her again, and because the dance was still, they danced together.. When Aber der Tanz zu Ende war, she disappeared again so quickly that der König could not notice where she was hiding. She jumped up in her stable, and made herself again to the Rauhthierchen, and went into the Küche, the Brotsuppe zu kochen. If the cook is up, he'll hold the golden spinning wheel and that's in the bowl, so that the soup can be cooked over it.. Then it was brought to the King, who ate it and it tasted so good to him, as before, and let the cook come, who had to admit this time too that Allerlerler had bought the soup. The king's daughter, who was a very beautiful woman, was very happy to see her, and she said that she had been sent to the king's palace to be treated like a princess, but that she had only been sent to the king to be thrown boots on her head and that she had no knowledge of the golden spinning wheel.. The cook said, "You're a witch, Rauhthierchen, and there's always something in the soup that makes it so good, and the king tastes better than I cooked, but because it's so bad, he's going to hell at the right time".. Now wear a dress, that's like the stars shining, and treat it in the hall. The King danced again with the beautiful Jungfrau and said that she had never been so beautiful. And while he danced, he stuck her, without her noticing, a golden ring on the finger, and had ordered that the dance should go on for a long time. When he was at the end of the war, he wanted to hold her in his hands, but she broke free and ran so fast among the people that she disappeared from his sight.. She loved, as much as she could, her little hut under the stairs, because she had stayed there too long and for more than half an hour, so she could not take off her beautiful dress, but only threw her fur coat over it, and in the meantime she did not make herself very ugly, but one finger remained white. All the lovers in the kitchen, cooked the king's bread and soup, and laid the cook's wares in the golden chalice.. The King, when he found the game on the ground, let all the people know that he had seen the white finger and the ring that he had put in the dance. And he took her by the hand and held her fast, and when she was about to lose herself and jump away, the fur coat was a little loose, and the star dress was shimmering.. The King took the mantle and ripped it off. When they came the golden hair came out and they stood in full splendor and could not hide anymore. And when she had wiped the ashes and the ashes from her face, she was more beautiful than anyone on earth had ever seen.. The King said, "You are my beloved bride, and we shall never part from each other again". So they celebrated the wedding, and they lived happily ever after.