Once upon a time there was an old castle in the middle of a great thick forest, where an old woman lived all alone, and she was a princess.. In the daytime she made herself into a cat or a nightingale, but in the evening she was again properly shaped like a human being.. She could lock the wild and the birds, and then she could slaughter, cook and feed them.. If a man came a hundred paces near the castle, he had to stand still and could not move from his place until she had lost him. But if a certain young woman came in this circle, she turned her into a bird, and locked her in a basket, and carried the basket into a chamber of the castle.. She had seven thousand such Körbe with so rare Vögeln im Schlosse.. Die, und dann ein gar schöner Jüngling, Names Joringel, hatten sich zusammen versprochen (Die, and then a younger boy, named Joringel, had promised himself together). They were in the bridal days and they had their greatest pleasure one am another. So that they could now get to know each other, they went for a walk in the forest.. "Hüte dich", said Joringel, "das du nicht so nahe an Schloß kommst". "It was a beautiful evening, the sun shone between the trunks of the trees in the dark green of the woods, and the turtle dove sang a song of victory on the old Maibuchen.. They were so bewildered, as if they were to die: they saw themselves, were confused and did not know where they should go home. Nor half stand the sun over the mountain and half war they under. Joringel saw through the Gebüsch and saw the old walls of the castle close by; it was torn down and was torn down. Jorinde sang "Mein Vöglein mit dem Ringlein roth singt Leide, Leide, Leide: es singt dem Täubelein seinen Tod, singt Leide, Lei" to the top of the list of songs that were performed at the concert.. "Joringel could not stop raining, he stood there like a stone, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop crying, could not stop cry. Now the sun was setting, the owl flew into a bush, and immediately afterwards came an old, red-haired woman out of the bush, yellow and green, with big red eyes, a red nose, and a pointed nose.. They murmured, "Feng die Nachtigall" and carried her to the Hand fort.. Joringel could not say anything, not from the place where they came; the nightingale was strong. Finally came the woman again and said with a dumpfer voice "Gratis, Zachiel, wenns Möndel ins Körbel scheint, bind los, Zachiel, zu guter Stund".. He's faithful to the woman on his knees and she wants to give him his girlfriend back, but she says he shouldn't have her back, and goes for it.. Weep, weep, weep, but all for nothing. What happened to me? Joringel came to the fort and came to the end in a strange village.. Often he goes round the castle, but not to the nearest. At last, once in the night, a bloody flower, in the middle of which a beautiful large pearl, was found.. The flower broke it off, and went with it to the castle, and all that it touched, it was the magic of the castle, and it would have been the joy of the castle again.. In the morning, when he awoke, he found a flower in the mountain and went to look for it. He searched until the ninth day, and found it blown away.. Jn der Mitte was a great gift, so great as the most beautiful pearl. Die Blume trug er Tag und Nacht bis zum Schloß (This flower is true day and night until the end of the world). We're on a hundred steps to the castle, not a party, but a fortress. Joringel freute sich hoch, berührte die Pforte mit der Blume, und sie sprang auf, and she was so happy that she was able to see the door.. The Court of Justice has heard many cases of the kind referred to in the first paragraph of Article 23 of the Statute of the Court of Justice of the European Union.. He came and found the Hall, then he killed the Sorceress and fed the Birds in the Seven Thousand Corpses.. Like the young man, she was very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very, very. He did not want to go back to the bird basket, but he had to go to the bird basket, and there were many hundreds of nightingales, so he had to go back to his home and find his girlfriend.. Flies sprang up, touched the flower basket and the old woman, and now she could do nothing more, and Jorinde stood there, had it in her throat, so beautiful as she was before.. And he brought all the other birds back to the young women, and they went home with his girlfriend, and they lived happily ever after.