It was a queen, who had our Lord God decided that she should not bear children.. She goes every morning to the garden and asks God in heaven if he wants to give her a son or a daughter .. And an angel came from heaven and said, "Give thee peace, thou shalt have a son with desirable thoughts, for whatsoever he desires in the world, that shall he receive". She went to the king and told him the glad tidings, and when the time was right, she gave birth to a son, and the king was in great joy.. It happened once, when the child was already a little older, that it was her on the shoulder, and she fell asleep. And the old cook came, and when he saw that the child had desired thoughts, he took her, and took a chicken, and tore it in pieces, and put her blood on her apron and her dress,. He took the child to a hidden place, where a nurse had to drink, and he loved the king and complained to the queen that she had let the wild beasts rob her child.. And when the king saw the blood on the sash, he believed it and grew in such a rage that he had a deep tower built, in which neither sun nor moon shone, and had his wife sit in it and paint; then she should sit seven years without eating and drinking, and should be weakened. But God sent two angels from heaven in the form of white doves, who had to fly to her twice a day and bring her food, until the seven years were around. The cook thought to himself, "That kind of desirable thought and I am here, so it could easily bring me into misfortune". So he made himself away from the castle, and went to the boy, the war was already so great that he could speak, and told him, "Wish dirsche a beautiful castle with a garden and was part of it". And were hardly the words from the mouth of the boy, so everything he had wanted stood there.. Over a time spoke the cook to him It is not good that you are so alone, wish you a beautiful young woman for company. Da wished her to be the king's son, and she stood before him, and was so beautiful, as no painter could ever be. Now they both played together, and had their heart set on love, and the old cook went on the hunt, like a brave man. It came to him but the thought, that the king's son might once wish to be with his father and bring him thus into great nothingness. And he went out, and took the maiden by the side, and said, This night, when the boy sleeps, go to his bed, and put a knife in his heart, and bring me his heart and tongue; and if you do not do this, you shall lose your life. And he went out, and when he came back the next day, she said, What shall I do, that I may bring an innocent blood to life, that no one has insulted? And the cook said, You are not this, so you yourself are your life. And when he was gone, she brought a little heifer, and she laid her, and took a heart and tongue, and put a. You shall become a black poodle and wear a golden chain around your neck and eat burning coals to make your neck fall out. And when he had said these words, the old man was transformed into a poodle and wore a golden chain around his neck and the cook had to bring up living coals to make his neck fall out.. Now the King's son was still a little while old and thought of his mother and whether she was still alive. Finally he spoke to the girl "I will go home to my fatherland, if you will go with me, I will eat you". "Ah", she replied, "the road is so far, and what shall I do in a foreign land, where I am unknown". "Because it is also her will not to go to war, and she still did not want to leave each other, he wanted her to a beautiful Nelke and stuck her with him.. Now he went to the tower, where his mother was sitting, and because the tower was so high, he wanted a ladder to go up to the top.. He went up and saw her and called out, "Dearest Mother, Frau Königin, are you still alive, or are you dead?" She replied, "I have eaten, and I am not yet full, and I thought the angels would be here".. He said, "I am your beloved son, whom the wild beasts are said to have stolen from your bosom: but I am not yet alive, and will soon save you". Now he rose up and went to his father, and enrolled himself as a foreign hunter, that he might have services with him.. The king answered, "If he had been learned and could have given him a good laugh, he should have come here; but he had never been kept in the whole border and district".. The hunter promised he would create as much wild as he could need at the royal table.. Then he called the hunters to come together, they should all go out with him into the forest. And they came in with me, and outside he had a big hole, and one end was open, and then he went in and found a wish. The Commission has not yet adopted a proposal for a directive on the protection of workers from the risks related to exposure to carcinogens at work.. The king was very pleased with this and ordered that the next day his entire court should be dined with him, and made a great feast.. When they were all together, he spoke to the huntsman. "Since you are so skilled, you should sit next to me". He replied, "Herr König, Ew".. Majesty, stop to pray, I am a bad Jägerbursch. The King insisted and said, "You shall sit beside me, until it is that. As he said, he thought of his beloved Frau Mutter, and wished that only one of the King's first servants should meet her, and asked how it would be if Frau Königin could get into the Tower, whether she would still be alive or dead. "I have heard that the King has said, 'She has let my beloved son be torn by wild beasts, of which I will hear nothing.' The hunter stood up and said, 'Great Father, she is still alive, and I am her son, and the wild beasts have not robbed him, but the weight of the old man has taken it from me, and she has taken away her shoes with a drop of blood from her shoulder as she slept.' Then he took the dog with the golden collar and spoke, 'It is heavy, and it is heavy, and it is heavy, and it is heavy, and it must be brought from all the hills, that. Then he asked the King if he wanted to see him in his true form, and wished him back to the kitchen, where he stood with the white apron and the knife at his side. The king, seeing him, was angry, and ordered that he should be thrown into the deepest dungeon. Then the huntsman said, "Master, do you want to see the girl who has brought me up so tenderly and who should have brought me back to life, but did not, even though her own life was at stake?" The king answered, "Yes, I want to see her". The son said, "Master, I will show you her in the form of a beautiful flower".. The king sent two chambermaids and two servants down to the tower, who should bring the queen and bring her to the royal table.. When she was taken away, however, she said nothing more and said, "The gracious and merciful God, who has kept me in the tower, will soon deliver me". She lived for three days and then starved and died. When she was buried, she was followed by the two white doves, who had brought her food into the tower, and angels from heaven, and sat on her grave.. The old king left the cook in four pieces, but the old man left his heart in his heart, and he died bald.. The son inherits the beautiful Jungfrau, who he had brought as a flower in the bag, und ob sie noch leben, das steht bei Gott.