It was a poor man and a poor woman, who had nothing but a little hut, and they were fed fish, and it went from hand to mouth. It happened, however, that when the man sat one day by the water and cast his net, that he drew a fish, the very golden war. And when he looked at the fish in wonder, he was about to speak and said, "Fischer, you throw me back into the water, so I'll make your little hut a magnificent castle". The fisher replied, "What will help me to build a castle, if I have nothing to eat?" The goldfish continued, "Even if you are prepared to do so, it will be a closet in the castle, if you are standing on the open sea, so you can eat the most beautiful food, as much as you want.. Where but else his Hütte gestanden had, da stand jetzt ein großes Schloß. He made a few eyes, went in and saw his wife, dressed in beautiful clothes, sitting in a beautiful room. She was very pleased and said, "Man, how is that once again? That pleases me well". "Yes", said the man, "it pleases me too, but I am also very hungry, give me first something to eat". "I have nothing and know nothing to find in the new house". "That has nothing", said the man, "but I see a large cupboard, which I close once again". "When she opens the cupboard, I stand and cook, I eat meat, fruit, wine, and laugh in an orderly manner".. Da rief die Frau voll Freude Herz, was begehrst du nun? and they sat down, asßen und tranken zusammen. "How are you satisfied?" asked the woman. "But, man, where does all this wealth come from?" "Ah", he replied, "don't ask me why, I can't tell you, if I find someone, our happiness is gone". "Well", she said, "if I don't want to know, I don't want to know".. And when the war was over, the beautiful castle with its cabinets disappeared, and they were again in the old fisherman's hut.. Das Glück wanted to see the golden fish again. "Listen", said the fish, "if you throw me back into the water, I'll give you back the lock with the lock full of my friends and my brothers, but don't be angry with me, or you'll lose me again".. Daheim was now all again in former glory, and the woman was in a joy over the happiness; but the curiosity left her yet no rest, that after a few days she again asked Anhub how it had gone and how it had begun. The man was silent for a while, but finally she made him so angry that he burst out and the secret was revealed.. In that instant the castle disappeared and they were back in the old hut .. "Now we have it", said the man, "now we can eat again". "But", said the woman, "I'd rather not eat the rich if I didn't know who was coming, otherwise I wouldn't have any peace". "The man went fishing again, and for a time it wasn't so different, he brought the goldfish out for the third time".. "Listen", said the fish, "I see well, I shall always fall into your hands, take me home, and cut me in six pieces, two of them for your wife to eat, two for your horse, and two legs in the earth, so you will have a blessing from it". The man took the fish home and did as he had said.. And it came to pass that out of the two pieces that were in the earth, two golden lilies grew, and the horse had two golden fillings, and the fisherman's wife bore two children, who were all golden.. They said, "Father, we will ride our golden horses and go out into the world". He answered, "How can I bear it if you are strong and I do not know where you are going?" They said, "The two golden lilies remain here, so you can see where we are going: if they are fresh, we are healthy; if they are healthy, we are sick; if they fall, we are dead". They rode hard and came to a hostel, where there were many people, and when they saw the two golden children, they found a place to laugh and to spot. When he heard the joke, he was ashamed, and refused to go out into the world, and returned to his father.. The other one is a ritt fort and a ringlet to a great forest. And when he wanted to ride in, the people said, "You can't go through, the forest is full of robbers, who will deal with you badly, and if they see that you are golden and your horse is also, they will beat you to death". But he was not afraid and said, "I must and shall prevent it". So he took the bearskin and dressed himself and his horse, so that nothing more of the gold could be seen, and he went into the forest.. When a little war was raging, I heard in the bushes the rustling and the rustling of voices, which spoke to each other.. From one side cries da is einer, from the other but lass him run, das is ein Bärenhäuter, und arm und kahl, wie eine Kirchenmaus, was sollen wir mit ihm beginnen! So ritt das Goldkind happily through the forest and geschah ihm kein Leid. One day he came in ein Dorf, darin er ein Mädchen, das war so schön, dass er nicht glaubte es könnte ein schöneres auf der Welt sein. And because he felt such a great love for him, he went to him and said: "I have loved you with all my heart, will you become my wife?" He loved the girl so much that he agreed and said: "Yes, I will become your wife and be true to you all my life". Now they were celebrating their wedding, and when they were in the greatest joy, the father of the bride came home, and when he saw that his daughter was getting married, he was surprised and said: "Where is the bride?" They showed him the golden child, but he had not yet had his beautiful daughter.. Da sprach der Vater zornig nimmermehr soll ein Bärenhäuter meine Tochter haben, and wanted to murder him. I beat him the bride, was she could, und sprach er ist einmal mein Mann, und ich habe ihn von Herzen lieb, bis er sich endlich besänftigen ließ. But the thought did not escape him, so that the next morning he got up early and wanted to see his daughter's husband, whether he was a meaner and more lost beggar.. When he came back and thought how good it was that I had restrained my anger, I had committed a great mistake. The golden child dreamed that he had gone out to hunt a magnificent deer, and when he awoke in the morning, he spoke to his bride, "I will go out to hunt". He was afraid, and she asked him to stay and said, "I can easily tell you a great misfortune", but he answered, "I shall and must".. He read an und wanted to shoot him, aber der Hirsch sprang fort. And they pursued after him, and went up and down the mountain, and did not tarry all the day; and at evening the deer was gone out of his sight.. And when the Goldkind is lost, so stands he in front of a small house, in which sat a witch. He knocked on the door, and a little mother came out and asked, "What are you doing so late at night in the middle of the big forest?" He said, "Have you seen a deer?". "Will you be quiet, you evil Kröte?" he said, "or I'll shoot you dead". When the witch called, she was furious, "my dog you want to kill!" and turned him into a bear, so that he lay like a stone, and his bride waited for him in vain, and thought that he had been found, which made me so afraid and so heavy on the heart.. "If God, he said, "has given my brother a great misfortune, I must fight, if I may lose him". "If I lose you too, what shall I do?" said the father. "But I must fight".. The old witch came out of her house, called him and wanted to take him back, but he didn't come, but said "I'll shoot you if you don't bring my brother back to life". She touched the stone with her finger, and soon he got his human life back.. The two golden children, however, rejoiced when they saw each other again, kissed and hugged each other, and rode together out of the forest, the one to his bride, the other home to his father.. And the father said, I know that thou hast redeemed thy brother; for the golden lily is risen again, and hath blossomed.