In ancient times, when the beloved God himself walked on earth among men, it was believed that he would become tired one evening and fall asleep before he could reach an inn.. Now there stood before him on the way two houses, one large and beautiful, the other small and poor to look upon, and hear; the great to a rich man, and the small to a poor man.. The rich man, when he heard a knock on his door, opened the window and asked the stranger what he was looking for. The man answered, "I beg a night's lodging". The rich man looked at the wanderer from the top of the head to the feet, and because he loved God, he shook his head and said, "I can't take you in, my chambers are full of furniture and furniture, and I should take you in, but if I could knock on my door, I could take the Bettelstab in my hand".. Find another way out. Shut your window and let your God stand.. Also went to him der Liebe Gott the Rücken and went over to the kleine Haus. The angel had just struck, so the knight's arm was already in the hands of the wanderer.. "Stay the night over with me", he said, "it's already dark, and today you can't come any further".. The poor woman reached out her hand, welcomed him, and said she would like to make herself comfortable and take pleasure. She had not much, but what it would be, she would be glad to do.. Then she set the potatoes on fire, and while they were cooking, she milked her goat, so that they would have a little milk to add.. And when the table was set, the dear God sat down and sat with them, and tasted him the bad meal well, for they were happy faces there. After they had eaten, and the time of sleeping was over, the wife called her husband secretly and said, "Listen, dear man, we want to make a bed tonight, so that the poor wanderer can lie down in our bed and rest: he has been walking all day, and becomes tired".. The dear God would not take the two old men to their beds, but they did not let go, until he finally did that and lay in their beds: themselves but made them a scattering on the earth. The next morning they stood before the day's end and cooked the guest a breakfast, so good they had it. When the sun was shining through the window, and the dear God had risen, he was with them again and wanted to go his own way.. When he stood in the Thüre, he turned around and said, "Because you are so compassionate and kind, so wish you three, that I will fulfil you". The poor man said, "What else should I wish than eternal bliss, and that we two, so long as we live, remain healthy and have our daily bread; for the third I know nothing to wish". The dear man said, "Will you not wish for a new house for the old one?". He looked out the window and saw a new, clean house with red bricks, where an old hut had been built.. He made his eyes wide, called his wife herbei and spoke tell me, what is happening?. The woman came and asked the poor man: he told her: "Yesterday evening a wanderer came to seek Nachtherberge, and this morning, as he left, he granted us three wishes: eternal happiness, health in this life, and the not-so-difficult daily bread, and last night, instead of our old hut, a beautiful new house".. The man said, "I want to tear myself apart and smash myself to pieces: if I had only known that, the stranger had been here before and wanted to spend the night with us, but I had rejected him". The woman said, "I want to tear you apart and smash you to pieces, but I have to tell you that if you sit on your horse, you cannot catch the man, and then you must grant yourself three wishes". The rich man followed the good horse, chased him away with his horse, and took the beloved to the gods.. He was a fine and lovely man, and we should not be offended that he had not been allowed in at once, had he looked for the key to the house, and had gone away: if he had found the way back, he would have had to go in with him. "Yes", said the dear God, "if I come back, I will do it". He asked the rich man if he could not do three things for his neighbor. "Yes", said the dear God, "if he could do well, it would be bad for him, and he should not do anything for himself".. The Reich meant that he had already chosen something that would bring him happiness if he only knew that it would be fulfilled.. Sprach der Liebe Gott reit heim, und drei Wünsche, die du thust, die sollen in Erfüllung gehen. Nun hatte der Reiche was er verlangte, ritt heimwärts und fieng an nachzusinnen was er sich wünschen sollte. When he had thought so, and the Zügel had fallen, he gave the horse a leap, so that he was always disturbed in his thoughts, and could not bring them together.. He slapped him on the neck and said "Sei ruhig, Liese", but the horse made up his new manhood. And then he was finally annoyed and cried out with impatience, "I want you to break your neck!" As he had said the word, he fell to the ground, and left the horse dead and did not rise again, so that his first wish would be fulfilled.. Because he was a natural geek, he didn't want to leave the saddlebag behind, so he cut off his saddlebag, hung it on his back, and had to walk.. You have two wishes left to think about and to console yourself with. As he now slowly went through the sand, and to midday the sun burned him, he felt so warm and verdrießlich zu Muth: der Sattel pressed him on the back, and it was still not in his mind, what he should wish. "If I also wish for all the riches and treasures of the world", he said to himself, "then I will have all the riches and treasures of the world, this and that, which I know in advance: I want to arrange it so that I have nothing left to wish for". Then he sighed and said, "Yes, if I were the Bavarian farmer, I would also have three wishes, which would help me, first I would have a lot of beer, and secondly as much beer as I could drink, and thirdly a bottle of beer. Sometimes I think he would have found it now, but after that he seems to have a little. I'd have thought his wife would have been fine now, sitting at home in a warm room and letting herself be well-fed.. This annoyed him, and without his knowing it, he spoke so loudly that I wanted to sit at home on the saddle, and could not get down, instead of having him on my back. And as the last word came from his mouth, so the saddle disappeared from his back, and he realized that his second wish had also been fulfilled.. He was afraid to walk and wanted to be alone in his room and to sit on something big for the last wish. But when he arrives at the Stubenthür, he sits in the middle of the saddle and cannot come down, he wails and cries.. "If you want me to be happy, I will wish you all the riches of the world, but only to sit still". She called him a sheep's head and said, "If you want me to sit on the saddle, help me to get down".. Nor had he had nothing of it as Ärger, Mühe, Scheltworte und ein verlornes Pferd: die Armen aber lebten vergnügt, still und fromm bis an ihr seliges Ende.