Once upon a time, a man had a long journey ahead of him, and as he was leaving, he asked his three daughters if he should bring them with him.. The oldest wanted pearls, the second wanted diamonds, the third wanted to be a singing spring in Löweneckerchen. The father said, "Yes, if I can get it, you should have it".. When the time came for him to go home again, he had bought pearls and diamonds for the two eldest, but the singing spring Löweneckerchen for the youngest he had searched in vain for in all places, and that led him, because she was his favorite kind. He was led through a forest, and in the middle of it was a magnificent castle, and now the castle stood in a tree, at the top of the tree, but he saw a lion cub singing and jumping. "Hey, you're coming straight to me", he said, very pleased and relieved to his servant, "he should go upstairs and get the Thierchen".. As he approached the tree, a lion jumped from underneath, shook and roared, so that the leaves and the trees shook..  Wer mir mein singendes springendes Löweneckerchen stehlen will, rief er, den frisse ich auf. Da sagte der Mann ich habe nicht gewusst, dass der Vogel dir gehört: ich will mein Unrecht wieder gut machen, und mich mit schwerem Golde loskaufen, laß mir nur das Leben. Der Löwe sprach dich kann nichts retten, als wenn du mir zu eigen versprichst, was dir daheim zuerst begegnet; willst du das aber thun, so schenke ich dir das Leben und den Vogel für deine Tochter obendrein. Der Mann aber weigerte sich und sprach das. The father could not rejoice, but began to cry and said, "My dear child, I have bought you a little bird, I have sold you to a wild lion, and when he has you, he will tear you to pieces and eat you, and told you everything, how the war has gone, and if you do not want to go, you should come and see what I have done".. She comforted him but and said "Dear father, what you have promised must also be kept: I will go and will the lion already satisfy, that I again come to you healthy.. The lion was a charming king's son, and was a lion by day, and with him all his people became lions, but at night they had their natural human form. On arrival, she was received with great hospitality and escorted to the castle.. When the night came, he was a beautiful man and the wedding was celebrated with splendor. They lived happily with each other, waited in the night and slept in the day. One day he came and said, "Tomorrow is a feast in your father's house, because your elder sister is getting married, and if you want to go, let my lions take you". She said, "Yes, I would like to see my father again", and the lions took her.. There was great joy when she arrived, because they had all believed she had been torn to pieces by the lions and had not been alive for a long time.. She told him what a fine man she had been and how good she had been, and she stayed with him as long as the wedding lasted, and then she drove back into the woods.. When the second daughter was married and invited to the wedding, she said to the lion, "This time I will not be alone, you must go with me". The lion said, "It is too dangerous for him, for if the ray of a burning light touches him there, he will be turned into a dove, and he will have to fly with the doves for seven years".. "Oh", she said, "I'll take care of you and above all else, keep you warm".. She lay there in a hall wall, so stark and dick that no ray could penetrate, in it he should sit, when the wedding lights would be lit. The Thür aber war von frischem Holz gemacht, das sprang und bekam einen kleinen Ritz, den kein Mensch bemerkte (The Thür aber was made of fresh wood, which sprang and got a little Ritz, which no one noticed). Now the wedding was celebrated with splendor, as though the train from the church returned with the many torches and lamps in the hall past, as though a hairbreiter ray fell on the king's son, and as this ray had touched him, in that instant he was also transformed, and as she came in and looked for him, she saw him not, but it was as if a white dove. The dove spoke to her, "Seven years I must fly into the world: all seven steps but I will drop a red blood drop and a white feather, that they may show you the way, and if you follow the trail, you can redeem me".. So they went on into the wide world, and looked not at each other, and feared not, and were fast the seven years round: they rejoiced and thought they would soon be redeemed, and war was still so far away. Once, when she was so strong, no more feathers fell and no more blood flowed, and when she opened her eyes, the war was over.. And because she thought Menschen können dir da nicht helfen, so she went up to the sun and said to her du scheinst in alle Ritzen und über alle Spitzen, hast du keine weiße Taube fliegen sehen? No, said the sun, ich habe keine gesehen, aber da schenk dir ein Kästchen, das mach auf, wenn du in größerer Noth bist. Da dankte sie der Sonne und ging weiter bis es Abend war, und der Mond schien, da fragte sie ihn du scheinst ja die ganze Nacht und durch alle Felder und Wälder, hast du keine weiße Taube fliegen. Hereafter you will see the bird, the grey one, sitting on the sea, swinging with your beloved on his back, carrying you over the sea to the house.. "Then you also have a nut, if you are in the midst of the sea, let it fall down, and soon it will rise, and a great nut tree will grow out of the water, on which the greyhound rests: and it could not rest, so it would not be strong enough to carry you over it: and if you forget the nut to throw, so it will let you fall into the sea. " Then it came in and found everything as the night wind had said. She counted the ruthens at sea and cut the eels off, so that she might kill the lindworm, and the lion devour him: and they both had their human bodies again. But as the King's daughter, who had been a fairy before, was free from the spell of war, she took the boy in her arms, sat down on the bird Greif, and led him with her to the fort. Da stand die arme weitgewanderte, und war wieder verlassen, und setzte sich nieder und weinte (I was in the dark, and I was in the dark, and I was in the dark). But at last she embraced him and said, "I will go as far as the wind blows and as long as the rooster crows, until I find him". And she went on a long, long way, until she came to the castle where they both lived, and heard that there would soon be a feast, and that they would make a wedding with each other.. She said, "God help me", and opened the box she had given the sun, and there was a dress in it, as brilliant as the sun itself.. And she took it out, and drew it, and went up into the palace, and all the people, and the bride herself, saw her with wonder; and the dress pleased the bride so well, that she thought it might be her wedding dress, and asked if it were not wrong.. "Not for money and goods", she replied, "but for flesh and blood".. The bride did not want to, and wanted to have the dress, but she finally agreed, but the chamberlain had to give the king's son a sleeping drink. When it was night and the boy was asleep, they were led into the chamber.. And she sat down on her bed and said, "I have followed you for seven years, I have been with the sun and the moon and the four winds, and I have asked you for help against the Lindwurm, and you will forget me altogether?" The King's son slept so hard that it seemed to him only as the noise of the wind outside in the Tannenbäumen. As the morning dawned, they were led out again and had to put on the golden robe.. And when that didn't help, she was sad, went out to a field, sat down and wept.. And as she said, she believed that the moon had given her one night, and she opened it, and she brought out a glow with twelve little cups of gold, which flew around and peeped and crawled back under the wings of the old man, so that nothing more beautiful in the world could be seen.. Then she stood up, and walked on the meadow before her, till the bride saw out of the window, and she liked the little children so well, that she immediately came down and asked if they were not wrong? Not for money and goods, but for flesh and blood; let me sleep one night in the room where the bridegroom sleeps.. When the King's son went to bed, he asked his chamberlain what the murmurs and noises had been in the night.. He told the chambermaid that he should have given him a sleeping drink, because a poor girl had slept in the chamber, and that he should have given him another one tonight.. The king's son said, "Pour the drink beside the bed". At night she was brought back in, and when she began to tell how it had been her sad, he recognized immediately the voice of his beloved wife, jumped up and called, "I have just been rightly saved, I have been like in a dream, because the foreign king's daughter had made me so beautiful, that I had to forget you, but God has not yet taken the right hour to hear from me".. Alsbald grew a great Christmas tree, on which the bird rested, and then he led her to the house, where they found her child, who was grown and beautiful, and they lived happily ever after.