Once upon a time there was an old queen, whose husband had died many years ago, and she had a beautiful daughter.. As he grew up, he was promised a king's son.. When the time came for her to be married and her child to be sent to the other side of the world, she packed her old garments, her fine jewelry, her gold and silver, her cups and jewels, all of which were only for a royal bride, because she had loved her child.. And they gave her a chambermaid, that she might go with her, and deliver the bride into the hands of the bridegroom; and they gave each one a horse for the journey; but the horse of the king's daughter was called Falada, and she could speak.. As now the farewell hour of the war, the old mother went into her bedroom, took a knife and cut with it in her finger, that they bleed: then she held a white lappchen under and let three drops of blood fall into it, she gave the daughter and said "Loved child, verwahre sie wohl, they were dir unterwegs Noth thun". Also took both of them from each other betrothed farewell: das Läppchen stuck the Königstochter in her bosom before themselves, sat on horse and now went to her bridegroom. When they had ridden for an hour, they found themselves thirsty and spoke to their chambermaid, "Step down, and create me with my cup, which you have taken for me, Wasser aus dem Bach, ich möchte gern einmal trinken". "If you are thirsty", said the chambermaid, "step down, lie down and drink, I will not be your maid".. When she spoke, "God", the three drops of blood answered, "If your mother knew, the heart in her body would spring forth". But the queen's sister was dumb, said nothing, and got back on her horse.. So they rode on for a few miles, but the day was warm, the sun was hot, and they dared to go out again.. When she came to a watercourse, she called her chambermaid again, "Come and give me a drink from my golden cup", because she had forgotten all her bad words.. The Kammerjungfer spoke aber noch hochmüthiger, "Will you drink, so drink allein, I may not be your Maid". Then the Königstochter went down before the great thirst, lay down over the flowing water, wept and spoke "ach Gott!" and the Blutstropfen answered again, "If your mother knew, the heart in the body would spring from her". And as she was so calm and well-supported, she fell into the trap, in which the three Drops were, from the bus and flowed with the water, without being in her great fear.. The Chambermaid had, however, watched and rejoiced that she had obtained power over the Bride: for by this loss of the drops of blood she had become weak and powerless.. When she wanted to get back on her horse, which was called Falada, the chambermaid said: "On Falada I hear, and on my Gaul you hear; and that she had to let herself be seduced".. Then she ordered the Chamberwoman with harsh words to take off the royal robes and put on her bad ones, and finally she had to swear under the free sky that she wanted to speak about it to no one at the royal court; and if she had not laid down this Eid, she would have been killed on the spot. But Falada saw all this and took it well in consideration. The Chamberwoman now climbed on Falada and the true bride on the bad road, and so they walked on, until they finally entered the royal castle. They were greatly pleased at her arrival, and the King's son sprang to meet them, and, having dismounted the chambermaid from the horse, and thought her to be his wife, led her up the stairs, but the King's daughter was obliged to remain below.. The old king looked out of the window, and saw her standing in the court, and saw how beautiful she was, how beautiful and beautiful: and went asbald into the royal bride, and asked the bride after the one who had been with her, and who she was. The old king had no work for her, and knew nothing, as he said, but I have a little boy, who keeps the goats, and she can help him. The young man was called Kürdchen (Confessor), and the true bride had to help him to get his goats. But as soon as the false bride spoke to the young king, the younger Gemahlster said, "I. Now the war had gone so far that it happened and the faithful Falada should die, as did also the rightful Königstochter zu Ohr, and she promised the Schinder secretly a piece of money, which she would pay him, if he would render her a small service. In the city there was a great dark window, through which she passed evenings and mornings with the goats, under the dark window Thor wanted to show the goat his head, so that she could see him again. Also the Schindersknecht promised to do it, lift the head and nail it under the dark window Thor. Early in the morning, when she and the girl under Thor were being driven out, she spoke in the Vorbeigehen to the goat, to the goat, to the answer to the head of the younger queen, to the goat, when your mother's heart was with her, to her zitters.. And when she came to the field, she sat down and made her hair, which was of pure gold, and the maidens saw her and were glad to see her shining, and wanted to give her a few ausraufen. And she said, "Wow, wow, wind, take the girl to the hut, and let's go with me, until I'm flogged and skinned and set up again". And then there was a wind so strong that it blew the girl away from the hut over the whole country, and I had to run after him.. He was so tired that he couldn't even get a haircut.. And the maiden was angry and spoke not with her; and so they kept the goose until it was evening, and then they went to the house. And the next morning, as they went out by the window, the maiden said to the maiden, "You shall hang, and the maiden shall answer, "You shall be the maiden queen, and you shall hang, and when your mother knows, her heart will leap". And in the field she sat down again on the meadow, and looked at her hair, and the maiden loved and wanted to touch her, and she spoke quickly, "Wow, wind, take the maiden to her hut, and let the maiden go with me, until I have fought and. "Hey, that's been bothering me all day". "Before the old king told him we were coming, he told me to go with you".. "If you are a king, you must be a king, and if you are a king, you must be a king". "If you are a king, you must be a king", said the old king, "and if you are a king, you must be a king". "If you are a king, you must be a king", said the old king, "and if you are a king, you must be a king". "If you are a king, you must be a king".. And he saw with his own eyes how the Gänsemagd and the Gänsejunge brought the Heerde getrieben, and how after a while they sat down and their hair losflocht, the glitter von Glanz. And she said, "Wow, wow, Windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen, windchen,. So he went back unnoticed, and when the evening came, he called her by his side, and asked why she had said all this? "I must not tell you, and I must not tell anyone my sorrow, for I have sworn under the free heaven, that I would have come to my life otherwise". He entered her and left her no peace, but he could bring nothing out of her.. He said, "If you don't want to tell me, then tell them about your pain, and get stronger".. And she went into the iron furnace, and found a place to mourn and to weep, and she shook her heart and said, "I am now left of all the world, and am but a king's daughter, and a false chambermaid has brought me there by force, that I must have my royal robes, and have my place with my bridegroom, and I must as a bride perform common services. If my mother knew, the heart in her womb would spring. The old king stood outside an oven, laughed at her and heard her speak.. They came back in and got her out of the oven .. They were her royal clothes, and it seemed a wonder how beautiful they were. The old king called his son and revealed to him that he had the false bride: she would be only a chambermaid, the true one would stand here, as the former Gänsemagd. The young king was heart-thrilled, when he saw her beauty and virtue, and a great man was sent, to whom all people and good friends were invited. The bride sat on top of me, the king's daughter on one side and the chambermaid on the other, but the chambermaid was blinded and could no longer be recognized in the glittering Schmuck.. When they had eaten and drunk, and were well fed, the old king gave the chambermaid a rattle, what would be the value of such a woman, who had so and so betrayed the lord, told the whole story, and asked, "What judgment is this worthy of?" The false bride said, "She is worth nothing better than to be stripped naked and put into a vat, which is inwardly covered with spitzengeln: and two white horses must be prepared, which she will put on the street to die".