A farmer had a son, who was so big as a thumb and was not bigger and grew in several years not a hairbreit. Once the farmer wanted to go into the field and plow, the little one said, "Father, I want to go out". "Do you want to go out?" said the father, "Stay here, you're no good to anything, you could lose me too".. Draußen auf dem Felde took him out again and put him in a fresh furche. We're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains, we're going to the mountains.. "See there the big Butzemann?" said the father, and wanted to scare the little one, so that he would be brave, "to come and hold you". The Giant, however, had with his long legs hardly taken a few steps, so he was near the Furche. He held the little boy with two fingers high in the air, looked at him and went without a word to say, with him strong. The father stood there, could not bring forth any sea from his fright, and thought no differently than his child for lost, that his last day would never be seen again with his eyes.. After two years, the old man went with him into the forest, wanted to try him and said, "Let's go out". The boy's heart was already so strong that he pulled a young tree with its roots out of the ground.. Der Riese aber meinte das muß besser kommen,  took him again mit, und säugte him noch zwei Jahre. When he tried it, his strength had already increased so much that he could break an old tree from the ground. That was still not enough for the Giant, he saw him again for two years, and when he then went with him into the forest, and said "Now let's have a proper party", the young man tore the thickest oak tree in the world, so that he could, and it was just a joke to him. "Now is enough", said der Riese, "you have learned", and led him back to the field where he had taken him.. His father stood behind the plough, the young Giant came to him and said "See he well, father, what his son has become for a man". The farmer was terrified, and said "No, you are not my son, I do not want you, get away from me". "Free me, I am your son, let me go to work, I can plough as well as he and even better". "No, no, you are not my son, you can not plough, get away from me".. The young man took the dishes and pressed the blood with one hand on them, but the pressure was so great that the plunger sank deep into the earth.. The farmer could not see that and called him to "If you want to plow, you must not push so violently, there is bad work". The young man strapped the horse, pulled the plow and said "Go home, father, and let your mother cook a big bowl of food; I will cover the field".. When he had finished, he went into the forest and pulled out two oak trees, put them on his shoulders, and put an egg on it, and put a horse on it, and carried all this as if it were a bundle of straw, to his parents' house.. When he came to the court, his mother did not recognize him and asked, "Who is the most formidable, great man?" The farmer said, "He is our son". She said, "No, our son is the greatest we have ever had, so great we have never had, our war is a small thing".. When he was finished, he went into the room, sat down on the bench and said "Mother, now I have a Lust to eat, is it soon ready?" She said "Yes" and brought two large large Schüsseln voll here, from which she and her husband had sat for eight days. The young man asked her if she could not go on any longer. No, she said, "That's all we have". "If it's only for the taste, I must have more".. "Finally, a few brocken have arrived", he said, "and everything is inside; it's war, but not yet enough to satisfy his hunger".. He said, "Father, I see well, with him I shall not be satisfied, will he give me a rod of iron, which is strong, and which I cannot break before my knees, so I will go into the world". The farmer was glad, stretched his two horses before the wagon, and held with the smith a rod so large and thick, that the two horses could only create it.. The young man took him by the knee, and, like a bean-stake in the middle, he broke him and threw him away.. The father stretched four horses forward and held a staff so large and thick, that the four horses could not lift it.. The son also kneeled this one before the knee twice, threw him in and said, "Father, he can't help me, he must better prepare and bring a stronger staff".. As the son took it in his hand, he immediately took a piece of it off and said, "Father, I see he can't get me a staff as I need it, I won't stay with him any longer".. He came to a village, where a blacksmith lived, and a geizmann, who wanted nothing from anyone and wanted to have everything alone; so he went to the blacksmith and asked if he needed no companion. "Yes", said the smith, "I saw him and thought, "He is a stronger man, who will fight and earn his bread". He asked, "How much do you want to be paid?" "I will not have any", he replied, "but every fourteen days, when the other guests have paid their wages, I will give you two strikes, which you must endure".. The next morning the foreigners should first suggest, how but the master brought the glowing staff and that first blow that, so flog das Eisen von einander und der Ambos sank into the earth, so deep, that they could not bring it out again. The guard of the Geizmann came and said, "I can't need you, you're fighting gar to the grave, what do you want for one more strike?" He said, "I'll give you one very small strike, nothing more". And he put his foot on it and gave him a kick, so that he could go over four feet.. He then went to the forge, where he found the thickest iron staff, took it as a stick in his hand, and went on.. "Yes", said the official, "I can use one: you look like a stronger man, who is already strong, how much do you want for your annual salary?" He replied, "I don't need a salary, but I want to give him three strokes, which he must endure".. The war of the Amtmann zufrieden, denn er war auch ein Geizhals. Another morning, the servants were already up, but they were still in bed.. I'm going to go to the office and tell him that the grandkids are still in bed and that they don't want to go to the forest.. The official said they should wake him up once more and let him die .. The Grand Master said, but as before, if you go only here, I will come back sooner than you all together. After lying there for two hours, he finally got up from the bed, got up but only two sheafs of grass from the ground, cooked a loaf of bread and ate it with good rest, and as all that had happened, he went there, tied the horse and drove into the forest. Not far before the wood was a hollow road, which he had to pass, he drove the cart first forward, then had to keep the horses still, and he went behind the cart, took the tree and the reigns and made a great hole, so that no horse could pass through. When he got to the forest, the others went out in their loaded wagons and wanted to go home, so he said to them, "I'm going home, but I'll come sooner than you". He didn't go far into the forest, but he saw two of the biggest trees on earth, threw them on the wagon and turned around.. When he reached the Hucke, the others stood still and could not pass through.. "See you well", he said, "if you had stayed with me, you would have come home so quickly and not been able to sleep for an hour". He wanted to go now, but his horses could not work, so he strained them, put them on top of the wagon, took the Deichsel in his hand, and he pulled it all through, and it went as easy as if he had fed the cold. As he drove away, he spoke to the others "See you well, I'm faster through than you, "he continued, and the others had to stand. In the court, he took a tree in his hand, showed it to the official and said, "Isn't this a beautiful piece of furniture?" The official said to his wife, "The servant is good; if he sleeps a long time, he's still as good as the others".. The Amtmann was but fearful of the Streichen, whom he should receive, and asked him if he would give them to him, rather he himself would become a Großknecht, and he should be Amtmann. "No", he said, "I will not become an official, I am a grand knight and will remain, but I will keep what is conditioned". "The official wanted to give him what he only asked for, but it was half nothing", the grand knight said, "and spoke to everything". "No".. The Grand Master spoke the deadline should have been. The Amtmann called all his writers together, they should think of something and give him a ride. The Schreiber thought long and hard, and at last they said to the Großknecht, "No one is safe from his life, who strikes a man like a mule".. He should have been called up into the well and cleansed, but if he were down there, they would have rolled one of the millstones, which they lay, and thrown him on his head, and he would not come back to the daylight.. The Rath gefiel dem Amtmann, und der Großknecht was bereit in den Brunnen hinab zu steigen (The horse was faithful to the Amtmann, and the large knight was ready in the Brunnen to climb). When he stood on the ground, they rolled the biggest millstone down, and thought his head had been smashed, but the man shouted, "Chaste the chicken from the well, scratch it in the sand and throw the corn in my eyes so I can't see". The man shouted, "Hush!. When the Grand-Clerk had finished his work, he got up and said, "Look, I have a beautiful necklace, and the war is the Mühlenstein, which is the necklace of the trucks".. The Grand Master wanted to take his salary now, but the Governor had to do it again for fourteen days.. The Schreiber came together and gave the advice that the Großknecht should be sent to the verwünschte Mühle to sleep in the Nacht Korn zu Mahlen: von da wäre noch kein Mensch Morgens lebendig herausgekommen. The Anschlag fell to the Amtmann, he called the Großknecht noch denselben Abend and called him acht Malter Korn in die Mühle fahren und in der Nacht noch mahlen; they would have been necessary. Da gieng der Großknecht auf den Boden und dass zwei Malter in seine rechte Tasche, zwei in die Linke, vier nahm er in einem Quersack halb auf den Rücken, halb auf die Brust, und ging also beladen nach der verfluchten Mühle, which is the German word for "the big fat man" and is also used in the German language to describe the German soldiers who were captured by the Germans in the Battle of the Bulge.. The miller said to him that by day he might be quite well, but not by night, if the mill were damaged, and if he had gone in by night, he would have been found dead in it by morning.. He said, "I'll come through, make you strong and put you on the horn".. Against eleven o'clock, he came to the Müllerstube and sat down on the bench.. When he had sat down for a while, he opened the door and there was a large table, and there was wine and bread and many good things to eat, all of them by himself, because there was no one to take charge of them.. And then the chairs were moved, but there were no people, until once he saw his finger, who held his hands with knives and forks and laid food on the plate, but otherwise he could see nothing. He was hungry and wanted to eat, so he sat down at the table and ate and ate.. When he sat war and the others her Schüsseln had also ganz leer gemacht, da wurden die Lichter auf einmal alle ausgeputzt, das hörte er deutlich, und wies nun stockfinster war, so kriegte er so etwas wie eine Ohrflage ins Gesicht. And he said, If he do so again, I will come out again. And if he do so the second time, I will strike him with the same stroke.. And he went that night, and took nothing for nothing, but gave back abundantly, and did not fail to bring it to him: and when the day was come, he heard all that was in the house.. When Müller got up, he wanted to see him again and was surprised that he was still there.. He said, "I've had enough, I've gotten enough, but I've also lost enough". The miller was delighted and said that the mill was now saved, and wanted to give him a lot of money as a reward.. He said, "I don't want money, I have enough". Then he took his meal on his back, went home and told the clerk he had settled the matter and wanted his conditional salary.. The official heard him, and was quite frightened: he knew not to let himself be carried in the room, and the Swiss troops were falling on him from the stirrups.. He made the window open for fresh air, and then he turned around, and the big man gave him a chance, and he flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew through the window into the air, and flew. The grand-ma's wife said to the clerk, "If he doesn't come back, you'll have to take the other strike". She cried, "No, no, I can't take it", and opened the other window, because the Swiss troops were coming down the Stirns.. She gave him a kick, that she also flew out and she was lighter, not much higher than her husband. The man cried, "Come to me, but I can't come to you". And they were floating in the air, and couldn't get to another place, and I don't know if they were still floating.