A merchant had two children, a boy and a girl, who were both still small and could not walk. There came but two rich ships laden with him on the sea, and all his fortune was in them, and as he meant thereby much money to win, as the news, they would have sunk. He was now a poor man instead of a rich man and had nothing left but an acre in front of the city. Um sich sein Unglück ein wenig aus den Gedanken zu schlagen, he went out onto the field, and as he was so up- and abging, stood once a little black man beside him and asked why he was so sad, and was he so sehr zu Herzen nähme. "If you could help me, I would tell you". "If you could help me", answered the black man, "maybe I could help you". "He told me that his entire wealth had been lost at sea, and that he had nothing left but this field".. "Don't worry", said the man, "if you tell me what you did to the house the first time you saw a dog, you'll have as much money as you want". The man thought, "What could be different than my dog?" But his little boy thought, "No, give the black man a handwritten and sealed letter and go home".. He was frightened of his father, because he had kept his promise and he knew now what he had written: because he still had no money in his coffers and boxes, he thought it would have been a joke of the men. A month later he was on the ground and wanted to sell old Zinn, so he saw a large amount of money lying around.. Now he was again good things, bought a, became a bigger businessman than before and let God be a good man. The following table shows the number of persons who are entitled to receive a pension from the State:. I was more concerned about the twelve years that had passed since Kaufmann's death, so that I could see the fear in his face.. When asked once what his son wanted, he said, "I don't know, but my father wouldn't tell me, but he waited so long, until he finally told me that he had, without knowing what he was talking about, promised a black man and gotten a lot of money for it".. He would have given his handwriting with a seal over it, and now he must, if twelve years were here, deliver it. And the son said unto his father, Fear not, for I am well, and the black hath no power over me. And the son went out of the church, and when the hour was come, they went out together into the field, and the son made a noise, and stood with his father in the field.. When the black man came and spoke to the old man, "Have you brought me what you promised me?" He was still silent, but the son asked, "What do you want here?" The son answered, "You have betrayed and deceived my father, give me the manuscript". The son said, "No, I have no right to". When they returned, they were alone for a long time.. He took leave of his father, sat in a ship, and his father had to support him with his own foot. The ship struck, so that the bottom part was above, the deck but in the water; and the father believed, his son was lost, went home and mourned him. The ship but did not sink, but flowed calmly, and the young man sat safely in it, and so flowed it long, until it finally remained on an unknown shore. They climbed a land, saw a beautiful castle before lying down and going on their own. When he entered, he was cursed; he went through all the rooms, but they were empty until he came to the last room, and a serpent was there and it was wrapped around him.. The serpent was a cursed maiden, who was glad when she saw him, and spoke to him, "Have you come, my savior? I have waited for you for twelve years; this kingdom is cursed, and you must redeem it".. "Tonight twelve black men come, chained together, asking you what you're doing here, but you don't answer, and let them do what they want with you: they will torture, beat and stab you, and let everything happen, but you won't answer; at twelve o'clock they must be back again. And in the second night shall twelve come again, and in the third shall four and twenty come, and shall take away thy head: but at the twelfth hour their power shall be past, and if thou then holdest fast, and speakest not a word, then I am saved;. I come to you, and have in a bottle the water of life, that I may sprinkle you, and then you are alive and healthy again as before. Then he spoke, "I will redeem you". It happened now, as she had said: the black men could not force him to say a word, and in the third night the snake became a beautiful king's daughter, who came with the water of life and made him alive again.. And then she fell him on the neck and kissed him, and there was jubilation and joy in the whole castle. They were married, and he was king of the golden mountain, and they lived happily together, and the queen gave birth to a beautiful boy.. Eight years had already passed, and his father had died and his heart was moved, and he wanted to visit him once more. The Queen would not leave him, and said, "I know it is my misfortune", but she would not leave him until she agreed.. When she said goodbye, she gave him a ring and said, "Take this ring and put it on your finger, so you can go wherever you want, but you must promise me that you will not use it, and go to your father". He promised her that, put the ring on his finger and wished to go home to the city where his father lived.. At that moment he was there and wanted to go to the city, but when he came to the city, the guards would not let him in because he was so rich and dressed in such a strange and beautiful way.. He went up to a mountain, where a shepherd's hut stood, changed his clothes, and took the old shepherd's rock, and went into the city, unmolested.. When he came to his father, he gave himself to acknowledge, but he never believed any more that it was his son and said he had had a son, but he would have been dead long ago: but because he saw that he was a poor poor shepherd, he wanted to give him a plate full of food. The shepherd said to his parents, "I am truly your son, but you do not know the mark on my body by which you can recognize me". Yes, said the mother, "our son had a beard under his right arm". He pulled back the shirt, and when she saw the beard under his right arm, she no longer doubted that it was her son.. Darauf told them he was the king of the golden mountain and a kingstochter was his wife, and they had a beautiful son of seven years. "Now and never more is the truth", said the father, "that I am a beautiful king, born in a crumbled sheep's clothing". "And the son was angry and dreadful, without a promise to think of, a ring to her and desired both, his wife and his child, to himself".. At that moment they were also there, but the Queen, who complained and wept, and said he would have broken his word and made her unhappy. He said I had done it carelessly and not with evil intent and rescued her; she also appeared to have followed him, but she had evil in mind. He led her out to the city on the field and showed her the water where the ship had been abandoned, and then said I am tired, sit down, I will sleep a little on your shoulder. He put his head on her shoulder and she let him sleep a little, until he fell asleep. When he fell asleep, she first took the ring from his finger, then she took the foot from under him and left only the towel: after that she took her child in her arms and wished to return to her kingdom. When he woke up, he was completely abandoned, and his wife and children were still wearing the ring on their finger, but the towel was still on the door.. "When you go home to your parents, you can't go back", he thought, "they'll say you're a witch-master, you'll unpack and go until you're in your kingdom". "Also, when you get home, you'll come to a mountain, where the three giants will stand and fight with each other, because they don't know how to share their father's inheritance".. When they saw him passing by, they called him and said little people would have been smart, he should tell them the Erbschaft. The inheritance consisted of nine parts, one of which was taken in hand and said: "Köpf alle unten, nur meiner nicht", so lay all the heads on the earth: the second was a cloak, which was the other, invisible; the third was a pair of boots, which one had put on and wished for, so one could at once see.. He said give me the three pieces so I could try them out and see if they were still in good shape. They gave him the coat, and when he had hung it, it was invisible and had turned into a fly.. Then he took his form again and said "Your cloak is good, now give me the sword". They said "No, we won't give it!" If you said "Köpf alle runter, nur meiner nicht!" then our heads would be all gone and you alone would have your own night.. That he and the sword cut through the trunk of a tree like a straw. Now he wants the boots, but they said, "No, we won't give them away, if you'd put them on and wanted to go up on the mountain, we'd be down there and have nothing". "No", he said, "I won't do that".. As he now had all three pieces, so he thought of nothing but his wife and his child and spoke so before himself that I would be on the golden mountain, and as soon as he disappeared from the eyes of the giants, and was also their inheritance complete. When he was near the castle, he heard Freudengeschrei, Geigen und Flöten, und die Leute told him his wife was celebrating her wedding with another. She was angry and said, "The False One, she betrayed me and left me when I was asleep". She took off her cloak and went invisible into the castle.. When he entered the hall, there was a large table with delicious food, and the guests were drinking, laughing and joking.. She sat in the middle of the palace in her royal robes and had a crown on her head .. He stood behind her and no one saw him. When they gave her a piece of meat to eat, she took it and ate it; and when they gave her a cup of wine, she took it and drank it; they gave her bread, but she had nothing, for the dish and the cup disappeared at once.. And she was ashamed and ashamed, and went into her chamber and wept, and he came after her.. She said, "Isn't the devil talking about me, or is my savior talking about me?" He slapped her in the face and said, "Isn't your savior talking about you, you cheat?". Have I done this to you? He made himself visible, went into the hall and shouted, "The wedding is over, the true King has come!" The kings, princes and council, who were gathered there, heard and abandoned him: but he gave short words and said, "Will you come out or not?" They wanted to catch him and bring him in, but he drew his sword and said, "Köpf alle unten, nur meiner nicht". Then all the heads rolled to the ground, and he was alone the Lord and King of the golden mountain.