Once upon a time there was a queen who had a little daughter who was still small and had to be carried in her arms.. At one time the child was naughty, and the mother could say what she wanted, but it didn't hold her peace.. She was impatient, and because the ravens had flown in from the castle, she opened the window and said, "I wanted you to be a rabbi and fly to the fort, so I could rest".. She was thrown into a dark forest and stayed there for a long time and her parents never heard from her .. Then a man led his way into the forest, and heard the rabbi call and speak, and when he came near, the rabbi said, "I am a king's daughter by birth, and I have been cursed, but you can redeem me".. She said, "Go on into the forest and you will find a house, in which an old woman sits, who will give you food and drink, but you must not take anything: if you eat or drink anything, you will fall asleep and you will not be able to save me".. The garden behind the house is a big hut, so you must stand and wait for me.. Three days long I come every noon at two o'clock to you in a carriage, which is first with four white stallions bespannt, then with four red and lastly with four black, but if you are not awake, but sleep, so I will not be redeemed. The man promised everything to do, what she had requested, the Rabe but said: "Each, I know it already, you will not redeem me, you take nothing from the woman". Then the man promised the man once again that he would not touch anything either from the food or from the drink. When he came to the house, the old woman approached him and said, "Poor man, you are tired, come and get well, eat and drink". "No", said the man, "I don't want to eat or drink". "She left him alone and said, "If you don't want to eat, then take a sip from the glass, once is enough".. Afternoon against two o'clock, I went out into the garden to the Lohhucke and wanted to wait for the Rabe.. As he stood, he was once again so tired, and could not overcome it and lay down a little: but he did not want to sleep. But as soon as he had stretched himself out, his eyes fell on him, and he fell asleep, and slept so soundly that nothing in the world could have awakened him.. At two o'clock came the Rabe with four white Hengsten riding, but she was already in full mourning and said "I know that he sleeps". And when she came into the Garden, he was also on the Lohhucke and sleeping. She got out of the car, went to him and shook him and called him, but he didn't wait. Another day at lunchtime the old woman came again and brought him food and drink, but he would not accept it.. But she left him no peace and rested him so long to see him again a train from the glass that. Towards two o'clock he went into the garden on the Lohhucke and wanted to wait on the Rabe, but he felt once again so great a fatigue that his limbs no longer held him: he could not help himself, had to lie down and fall into a deep sleep. When the Rabe came back with four brown Hengsten, she was already in full mourning and said "I know he's asleep". She went to him, but he was asleep and was not to be awakened.. The next day the old woman said that he would eat and drink nothing, if he wanted to die. He answered "I will and may not eat and not drink". She put the bowl with food and the glass with wine in front of him, and when the smell of it rose to him, he could not resist and that strong train. When the time came, he went out into the garden on the Lohhucke and waited for the Königstochter: he was still more tired than the days before, lay down and slept so fast as if he were a stone. Um zwei Uhr came the Rabe and had vier schwarze Hengste, and die Kutsche and alles war schwarz. But she was already in a state of grief and said, "I know that he can't save me from sleep". When she came to him, he was sleeping and sleeping.. She rüttelte him und rief ihn, aber sie konnte ihn nicht aufwecken She was shaking him and calling him, but she couldn't wake him. And they laid a loaf of bread beside him, and a piece of meat, and a bottle of wine, and he could take as much of everything as he wanted, and it wasn't less.. Then she took a golden ring from her finger, and put it on his finger, and engraved her name. And when she had given him all this, she sat down in her carriage and drove to the golden castle of Stromberg. When the man awoke and saw that he had slept, he was sorrowful of heart and said, "Now the weight has passed and I have not redeemed it". Then the things in the things that were beside him fell into his eyes, and he read the letter written in it as if the war had gone on.. He also made himself up and went to the fort, and wanted to go to the golden Schloss von Stromberg, but he didn't know where it was. Now he had already been wandering around the world for a long time, and he had been in a dark forest for fourteen days and could not find his way out.. It was evening again, and it was so dull that a bush lay down and fell asleep.. In the morning he went on, and in the evening, when he went to lie down again in a bush, he heard a cry and a lament that he could not sleep.. And when the time came, when the people lit their lights, saw it flickering, made themselves up and went to him after: they came to a house, which seemed so small, because it stood a great giant before. I thought he was going to get you in and the giant looked at you, so it's easy for your life to happen.. When the giant saw him, he said, "It's good that you've come, I haven't eaten anything for a long time, I'll eat you right away for dinner". "Let it be", said the man, "I won't let myself eat you; if you want to eat, I've had enough to make you full". "If it's true", said the giant, "then you can remain calm; I just wanted to eat you, because I have nothing else".. "I'm glad to see you", said the king, "and I'm glad to see you".. Then the man said to him "Can you not tell me where the golden Schloss von Stromberg is?" Der Riese said "I will auf meiner Landkarte nachsehen, auf der sind alle Städte, Dörfer und Häuser zu finden". He took the map, which he had in der Stube, and searched for the Schloss, but it did not stand on it. "It's nothing", he said, "I have no bigger map in the cupboard, so we'll look for it, but it's also useless".. The man wanted to go on; but the giant asked him to wait a few days till his brother came home, and had gone out to get food. When the brother came home, they asked him about the golden Schloss von Stromberg, he replied "When I have eaten and been fed, then I will look on the map". He then went up with them to his chamber and they looked on his map, but could not find it: he took no other old maps, and they did not leave, until they finally found the golden Schloss von Stromberg, but it was many thousands of miles away. How will I ever come?. The Giant said, "I have two hours, I will carry you to the nearest place, but then I must go back to the house and the child we have". The Giant told the man, "You can go alone the rest of the way".. It was standing on a glass mountain, and the damned Jungfrau drove in her carriage to the castle and came in.. He was happy to see her and wanted to climb up to her, but as he was about to, he slid down the glass again and again. And when he saw that he could not reach her, he was very sad and said to himself I will stay here below and wait for her. Also he built himself a hut and sat in it for a whole year and saw the Kingstochter ride up every day, but could not come up to her. Da he saw once from his hut how three robbers beat themselves and called them to God be with you! They stood at the Ruf in, but when they saw no one, they found themselves again to beat, and that was very dangerous. They heard the abominations, God be with you! They heard again, they looked, because they saw no one, they also went again to strike. I called him for the third time and thought, "You must see what the three great things are, and ask why they are so different from each other".. One said he had found a stick, if he used it to strike a door, he would sprang it open; another said he had found a coat, if he used it to knock on a door, he would be invisible; the third said he had caught a horse, so that he could ride everywhere, even up the glass mountain. Now they don't know whether they should stay in the community or whether they should train. And the man said, I will show you three things: I have no money, but I have other things that are more precious; but I must first prove you, that I may know whether you have spoken the truth. And they put him on his horse, and took his cloak, and gave him a staff in his hand; and when he had all these things, they could not see him any more.. He gave them a lot of blows and shouted, "Now, you Bärenhäuter, you have what you deserve, are you satisfied?" Then he rode up the Glassberg and when he got to the top of the castle, it was locked, he beat him with the stick and Thor and Alsbald jumped on it.. He went up the stairs to the top of the hall, sat down with the young woman and had a golden chalice with wine in front of him.. She could see him but not, because he had the coat. And when he came before her, he took the ring, which she had given him, from his finger and threw it into the cup that it sounded. They called her "This is my ring, so must also the man be, who will redeem me". They searched the whole castle and found him not, but he went out, had put himself on his horse and thrown off his cloak.. When they came to the throne, they saw him and were filled with joy.. He got up and took the King's daughter in his arms, and she kissed him and said, "You have just redeemed me, and tomorrow we will celebrate our wedding".