Once upon a time there was a poor farmer who had no land, only a small house and an only daughter, and she said that she should ask the King for a piece of Rottland. When the King heard of her poverty, he gave her a field of grass, which she and her father had cut, and wanted to sow some grain and some fruit on it.. If they had the Acker beinah herum, so they found in der Erde einen Mörsel von purem Gold. "Listen", said the father to the girl, "because our Lord King has been so gracious and has given us this field, we must give him the mortar for it". The daughter, however, did not want to consent and said, "Father, if we have the mortar and do not have the stoker, then we must also buy the stoker here, so keep quiet".. The king took the mortar and asked if he had found anything more?. The king said he should now also give the Stößer herbeischaffen. The farmer said they had not found him, but that half of him so much, as had been said in the wind, he was put in prison, and should so long sit, till he had found the Stößer herbeigeschafft. The servants had to bring him daily water and bread, so that in prison they could hear, "How the man cried out, 'Had I heard of my daughter!' And they would not have eaten or drunk".. He ordered the servant to bring the prisoner before him, and asked him why he had cried so loudly, "If I had heard my daughter!" What did your daughter say? "Yes, she said I should not bring the murderer, otherwise I would have to create the stoner". "If you have such a clever daughter, let her come here once".. She said she's right, she wants to be wrong. And the king said, "Come to me, not dressed, not naked, not riding, not driving, not in the way, not out of the way, and if you can do that, I will marry you". And she came, and she took off her clothes, and she was not dressed, and she took a big fishnet, and she sat in it and wrapped it all around herself, and she was not naked, and she borrowed a donkey for money and tied the donkey's fishnet to the tail, and she had to drag it, and she was not riding, not driving, but the donkey had to drag it in the way, so that. And as she came, the king said she had found the rope, and it was all fulfilled.. He had released her father from prison, and taken her to be his wife, and had given her all the royal property. Now, some years ago, when the King once went on the parade, it turned out that peasants with their carts stood before the castle, who had sold wood; some had oxen vorgespannt, and some horses. There was a farmer, who had three horses, and one of them was a young filly, who had fallen and lay down in the middle of two oxen, who were in front of the wagon. When the peasants came together, they found themselves to quarrel, to quarrel and to quarrel, and the oxen-farmer wanted to keep the filling and said the oxen had been, and the other said no, his horses had been, and it would be. The Zank came before the king, and the order was given that where the fill was, there it should remain; and also the Ochsenbauer, but they were not heard.. I'm going to be a little bit of a bitch. Now he had heard how that the Frau Königin would be so gracious, because she had also come from poor peasants: he went to her and asked her if she could not help him that he would be full again. She said, "Yes, if you promise me that you won't betray me, I'll tell you".. Tomorrow morning, when the King is on the watch, stand in the middle of the street where he must come, take a large fishnet and put it on, and put it on, and put the net on, and tell him what to say when the King asks him.. Also stand der Bauer am andern Tag da und fischte auf einem trockenen Platz (The farmer is the other day and the fish is on a dry place). When the king came and saw that he had sent his messenger, he asked him what the rich man had done.. I'd give him the answer to that. If he could catch fish, it would be no water.. The farmer said, "As well as two oxen can fill a well, so well can I fish on the dry ground". The runner went and brought the king the answer, and he let the farmer come before him and told him that he had not done it himself, but that he should confess it immediately.. The farmer, however, did not want to do this and always said God beware!. They laid him on a solid wall and beat and tortured him so long, until it became known that the queen had been murdered.. When the King came to the house, he said to his wife, "Why are you so wrong with me, I don't want you anymore as my wife: your time is up, go back to where you came from, in your farmhouse. But let her alone, she should know what is best and best for her, and that should be her farewell. She said, "Yes, dear man, if so be it, I will also do it", and she kissed him and said she wanted to take his leave.. Then let her come to a strong sleeping drink, and let her drink with him to the king that a great drink, and let her drink but a little. And he fell into a deep sleep, and when she saw it, she called a servant, and took a beautiful white linen cloth, and beat him therein, and the servants had to carry him in a wagon before the gate, and they drove him home to their houses.. And she laid him in her bed, and he slept day and night in a fort, and when he awoke, he saw himself, and said, "Oh God, where am I now?" He called his servant, but there was no one there.. Finally his wife came to bed and said, "Well, Herr König, you ordered me to take the best and the dearest from the castle, now I have nothing better and dearer than you, so I have taken you". The King's eyes filled with tears, and he said, "My dear wife, you shall be mine and I shall be yours", and took her back to the royal castle and married her again, and they were still alive today.