Once upon a time there was a king who was sick, and no one believed that he would live.. He had but three sons, who were over it grieved, came down in the Schloßgarten und weinten. When she met another man, she asked him about her grief.. They told him her father was so sick, that he would probably die, because he didn't want to help him. The elder said, "I know of no remedy, but if he drinks of the water of life, he will be healed; but it is hard to find". The elder said, "I will find it", and went to the sick king and asked him if he would permit him to take the water of life, for that alone would heal him.. "No", said the King, "the danger is too great, I would rather die".. The Prince thought in his heart, "I bring the water, so I am my father's favorite and heir to the Reich". He also made himself up, and when he had been riding for a while, a dwarf stood in the way, called him and said, "Why so fast?". The little man was angry and had a bad wish .. The Prince soon fell into a mountain ravine, and I continued to ride, and the mountains came together, and at last the road became so narrow that he could not take a step further; it was not possible for the horse to turn or for the saddle to climb, and he sat there like imprisoned. The sick king waited a long time for him, but he didn't come. The second son said, "Father, let me go and find water". And he thought, "If my brother dies, the empire will fall to me".. The Prince also went the same way as his brother had gone, and met the dwarf, who kept him and asked him where he wanted to go.. "Kleiner Knirps", said the Prince, "you don't need to know that" and rode off without further ado.. But the dwarf cursed him, and he fell like the others into a mountain ravine and could not go forward and backward. So goes it with the Hochmüthigen, that when the second son was absent, the younger son had to go and fetch water, and the king had to let him draw it.. When he met the dwarf, and the dwarf asked him where he wanted to go, he said, "I'm looking for the water of life, because my father is dying". "Do you know where to find it?" "No", said the prince.. "Because you have behaved as you should, and not as your false brothers, I will instruct you and tell you how to go to the water of life. It's pouring from a fountain in the court of a cursed castle, but you're not going in, unless I tell you one of our Ruthe gebe und zwei Laiberchen Brot. With the third blow of the iron gate of the castle, the prince will rise: inside lie two lions, which will open the gates, but if you throw a loaf of bread into each one, they will still and then another you and hold of the Water of Life before it twelve strikes, otherwise the gate will be closed again and you will be imprisoned.. And when he came, everything was as the dwarf had said.. The Thor sprang upon the third Ruthenschlag, and when he had kissed the Lions with the Bread, he entered the Castle and came into a great and beautiful hall: there sat the cursed Princes, to whom he took the Ring from the finger, then left them a Sword and a Bread, which he took away. And then he came into a room, and there stood a beautiful maiden, who was glad to see him, and kissed him, and said that he had redeemed her, and that she should have all the kingdom, and that if he returned in a year, her wedding should be celebrated.. Then she said to him, "Where the well of the living water is, there you must go and find some water".. He went on and came at last into a room where a beautiful freshly-covered bed stood, and because he was tired, he wanted to rest a little.. Also, he read himself and slept in: when he awoke, he struck three quarters of a dozen. He jumped up, shocked, and went to the well, and drew from it a cup, and stood beside it, and said, "I'm afraid I've been robbed".. As he went out through the iron gate, he struck twelve, and the gate struck him so hard that he lost a piece of his horse. He was glad that he had obtained the water of life, went homeward and came again to the dwarf.. When the latter saw the sword and the bread, he said, "Thus you have won a great victory, with the sword you can defeat the whole army, but the bread will never be all". The prince did not want to go home to his father without his brothers, and said, "But, dwarf, can you not tell me where my two brothers are? They went out of the water of life sooner than I did and did not come back. They were trapped between two mountains, said the dwarf, "Then I cursed them because they were so overwhelmed". The prince fought so long until the dwarf let them go again, but he warned. Then they rode together strong and aged in a land, where hunger and war, and the king believed already he must perish, so grand war die Noth. And the prince came to him and gave him the bread, with which his whole kingdom was filled and satisfied: and then the prince gave him the sword also, that he might smite the armies of his enemies, and might now live in peace and quiet.. The prince took his bread and sword back, and the three brothers rode on.. They came but still in two lands, where hunger and war reigned, and the prince gave the king his bread and sword every day, and had now saved three kingdoms. And they went away into a ship, and sailed over the sea.. "The younger brother has found the water of life, but we have not found it. Our father will give him the kingdom that is his, and he will take away our happiness".. They waited till he had fallen asleep, and they took the water of life from the cup and took it for themselves, but they took the bitter sea water into it. When they had come home, the youngest brought the sick king his cup, so that he might drink from it and be healed.. He had barely drunk a little bit of the bitter sea water, so he was still as bitter as before.. And when he was sorry about it, the two eldest sons came and complained to the younger one that he would have poisoned him, they brought him the right Living Water, and readied him. He had hardly drunk it, so he felt his sickness disappear, and became strong and healthy as in his young days. Then the two came to the younger, mocking him and saying, "You have found the water of life, but you have had the trouble and we have the reward; you should have been wiser and kept your eyes open, we took you while you were sleeping on the sea, and over the years you have become one of us the beautiful Kingstochter. But beware that thou tell not any of these things, for thy father believeth not thee; and if thou sayest one word, thou shalt not lose thy life therein; but if thou keep silence, it shall be given thee.. Also let the court be assembled and the Urtheil speak about him that he should be secretly shot. If the prince is now once again on the hunt and nothing bad happens, the king's huntsmen must go. "When they were alone in the forest, and the hunter looked so sad, the prince said to him, 'Honey hunter, what's wrong with you?' The hunter said, 'I can't tell you and I'm not going to tell you.' The prince said, 'I'm going to tell you what it is, and I'm going to forgive you.' The hunter said, 'I'm going to kill you, the king has commanded me.' The prince was frightened, and the hunter said, 'I'm going to kill you, but I'm going to kill you.' The hunter said, 'I'd like to kill you. The old king thought my son was innocent, and told his men that if he were still alive, he would be so sorry that I had killed him. He was still alive, said the hunter, and I could not bear to carry out his orders, and told the king how the war had gone.. The King's Daughters had a street made in front of their castle, which was all golden and shining, and told their people whoever came on it to her castle, that was the right one, and they should let him in, but whoever came from the left, that was the right one, and they should not let him in. When the time came for war, the oldest thought he would go to the King's daughter and spend himself for her, so he could get her to the Bride and the Reich next door.. Also, ride it to the fort, and when you come to the castle and see the beautiful golden street, think it would be a shame if you rode it, and then turn right and ride it.. But before Thor came, the people told him he was not right, he should go on again. Soon afterwards the second prince set off, and as he came to the golden road, and the horse had set one foot on it, he thought that if it was jammerschade, that might be something to happen, and he turned and rode to the left beside her.. But before Thor came, people said he wasn't right, he should go back. As now the year went on, the third wanted to ride out of the forest to his beloved and forget his pain.. He also made himself up, and always thought of her and would have liked to have been with her, and saw the golden street not. And he rode his horse in the midst of it, and when he came before the throne, he was lifted up, and the king's daughter received him with joy, and said that he was her Saviour and Lord of the Kingdom, and the wedding was held with great happiness.. And when she passed by, she told him that his father had forgiven him and had taken him to himself. He wrote it down and told him everything, how his brothers betrayed him and he still had to keep quiet. The old king wanted to punish them, but they had set themselves on the sea and were forcibly shipped and never came back.