Once there was a poor farmer named Krebs, who drove two oxen and a piece of wood into the city and sold it for two thalers to a doctor.. As he was now paid the money, the doctor sat down at the table, and saw the farmer as a man of good taste and drink, and his heart was changed, and he would have liked to have been a doctor.. He also remained a little bit more and asked if he could become a doctor .. "Oh yes", said the doctor, "that is soon done". "Was I to shoot?" asked the Baur.. "Firstly, buy you a book, so is one, wherever a goat is in; secondly, make your car and your two oxen into money and buy you clothes and other things belonging to the doctor; thirdly, let you paint a shield with the words 'I am the doctor all-knowing,' and let that be nailed to the door of your house".. When he had learned a little, but not much, he stole money from a rich man.. He was told by the doctor that he lived in the village and that he had to know where the money was coming from.. So the Herr let his wagon unspannen, fuhr hinaus ins Dorf und fragte bei ihm an ob er der Doctor Allwissend wäre? Ja, der wär er. So he should go with and the stolen money wieder schaffen. O ja, aber die Grethe, seine Frau, müßte auch mit. Der Herr was das zufrieden, und let them both sit in the wagon, und they fuhren zusammen fort. If you come to the court of the nobles, you must first eat the food.. "Yes, but his wife, the Grethe, also", he said and sat down with her behind the table. When the first servant came with a bowl of fine food, the farmer met his wife and said, "Grethe, this is the first meal", and thought it would be the last, which would bring the first meal. The servant, however, meant that he meant to say "This is the first thief", and because he was really afraid, he said to his companions outside, "The doctor knows everything, we're coming along". He said, "I'm the first".. When he came in with his bowl, Baur met his wife, Grete, who was the second. The Bedienten was also frightened, and he made sure he came out.. "The third is not better", said the farmer again, "Grethe, this is the third". The fourth had to bring a hidden bowl, and the doctor said he should show his art and find out what was underneath.. The farmer saw the dish and did not know how to help himself and said, "Oh, poor Krebs!" When the farmer heard this, he cried, "Yes, he knows, now he also knows who has the money". The servant was very worried and blinked the doctor and wanted to come out once more.. As he now came out, they confessed to him all the times they had stolen the money: they were willing to give him a heavy sum for it, if he would not betray them: it would go to their neck otherwise. They took him to the bank where the money was hidden.. So the doctor was satisfied, went back inside, sat down at the table, and said, "Sir, I will now look in my book for where the money is". The fifth servant, however, was in the oven and wanted to hear more about the doctor.. The saß aber und schlug sein Abcbuch auf, blätterte hin und her und suchte den Göckelhahn (The sack was found and struck his abcbook up, blätterte hin and her and sought the Göckelhahn). Because he could not find him at once, he said, "You are still in there and must also get out". When he thought he was going to be in the office, he jumped out in horror and shouted, "The man knows everything".