It was once a poor Holzhacker, who worked from morning till late at night.. When he had finally saved up some money, he said to his boy, "You are my only child, I will use the money I have earned with my sweat for your education; if you learn something righteous, you can feed me in old age, when my limbs are stiff and I have to sit at home".. When he had gone through a few schools, but not yet in all the perfect war, so was the bisch armuth, which the father had acquired, gone to him, and he had to return to his home. "If you want to go out into the forest to earn something from the malting wood, then go out into the forest with me and help you". "Yes, my son", said the father, "I will go with you and help you". "If you want to come to the hard work, you can't do it, you can't do it; I have only one day left to work and no money left to buy one". "Go to the neighbor's house", said the son, "and wait until the next morning". "I have a son, and I have seven days to go to the neighbor's house". "I have a son, and I have seven days to go to the. The son half the father and war ganz munter und frisch dabei. When the sun was rising over them, the father said, "We want to rest and have lunch, and then go again". The son took his bread in his hand and said, "Rest only a little, father, I am not tired, I will go out in the forest and look for birds".. So he went on and on, until he finally came to a great dangerous place, which had been destroyed by a war that had lasted many hundreds of years and had not been inhabited by five people.. He stood and looked at her and thought that some birds must have built their nests in her.. He heard and heard a voice calling out, "Let me out, let me out". He looked around, but he couldn't see anything, but he felt as if the voice from below was calling him.. The rief er wo bist du? Die Stimme antwortete ich stecke da unten bei den Eichwurzeln (The voice answered) He was in the middle of the room, and he was in the middle of the room.. Let me out, let me out. The student found a tree under the tree to look for roots, until he finally found a glass bottle in a small hole.. He lifted her up in the height and held her against the light, and saw a thing, like a frog, that jumped in it up and down. "Let me out, let me out", he called from the new school, and the student, who thought nothing of the matter, took the bottle from the school.. Alsbald rose a Geist heraus und fieng an zu wachsen, and grew so fast, that he in a few Augenblicken as an enthralling Kerl, so groß wie der halbe Baum, before the Schüler stand.  Do you know,  I called him with a terrible voice,  What is your reward for letting me out?  No,  answered the student without fear,  How shall I know?  So I will tell you,  I called the spirit,  I must break your neck for this.  If you had told me earlier,  I answered the student,  I would have let you stay;  But my head should be fixed on you, so more people must be asked.  More people, more people here,  I called the spirit,  I should have earned your salary. "Do you think I have been locked up for so long by your grace? No, it was my punishment. I am the great Mercury, who lets me go, I must break his neck". "Six", replied the student, "so it is not so fast, until I know that you have really been in the bottle, and that you are the true spirit: you can also go back in, so I believe, and then you can do with me what you want".. Now the pupil wanted to go back to his father, but the spirit cried very loudly, "Let me out, let me out, let me out". "No", answered the pupil, "for the second time not: who once tried to take me after life, I will not let him go, when I have caught him again. " "If you make me free", cried the spirit, "I will give you so much, that your life will be enough". "No", answered the pupil, "you would lie to me as if you were the best". "Your happiness is your own", said the king, "the spirit will not hide anything from me, but will take me and. "Now you shall have your reward", he said, and handed the pupil a small cloth, all like a plaster, and said, "If you with one end beat a wound, so heal it: and if you with the other end beat steel and iron, so it will be transformed into silver".. "Now, it has its truth", he said to the spirit, "now we can separate us". The spirit thanked him for his salvation, and the disciple thanked the spirit for his gift and went back to his father. "Where are you from?" said the father, "why have you forgotten the work?". "Hey, Father, look once, what have you given me for a bad Axe, which has become quite bad. Da erschrack der Vater und sprach ach, what hast du gemacht! nun muss ich die Axe bezahlen und weiß nicht womit; das ist der Nutzen, den ich von deiner Arbeit habe.  Werdet nicht bös,  replied der Sohn,  die Axe will ich schon bezahlen.  Because, du Dummbart,  called der Vater,  how will du sie bezahlen? du hast nichts als was ich dir; das sind Studentenkniffe, die im Kopf stecken, aber von Holzhacken dir hast. He spoke to the son and sold the lost axe and saw what he would get for it; the rest he had to earn to pay the neighbor. The son took the axe and brought it to the city to a goldsmith, who tried it, put it on the wages and said, "It's worth four hundred thalers, so much I haven't borrowed". The student said, "Give me what you have, the rest I will lend you".. Then the pupil came home and said, "Father, I have money, go and ask what the neighbour will have for the axe". The old man answered, "A thaler, six groschen". So give him two thalers twelve groschen, that's double and enough.. With the rest of the money, however, he went back to high school, and continued his education, and because he could heal all wounds with his plaster, he became the most famous doctor in the world.