Once upon a time there was a king and a queen who lived in peace with each other and had twelve children, who were but a few boys.. Now the king spoke to his wife, "If the thirteenth child, whom you bring into the world, is a maiden, so let the twelve boys die, that his wealth will grow and the kingdom will fall to him alone". He also made twelve coffins, which were already filled with hornets' feathers, and in each one he put the death kiss, and had them brought into a locked room, then he gave the queen the key and told her to tell no one about it. The mother, however, sat all day and mourned, so that the youngest son, who was at war with her, and whom she named Benjamin according to the Bible, spoke to her. Then she said, "My dearest Benjamin, this coffin your father has made for you and your eleven brothers, because if I bring a girl into the world, you should all be killed and buried in it. And as she wept while she spoke, she comforted her son and said, "We are not, dear Mother, we already want to help and want to go away". But she said, "Go with your eleven brothers out into the forest, and one always sits on the highest tree, which is to be found, and stop watching and look at the tower here in the castle".. If I have a son, I'll raise a white flag, and then you can come back; if I have a daughter, I'll raise a red flag, and then you can run away, so fast you can, and then God will protect you. Every night I will rise and pray for you, in winter, that you may warm yourselves by a fire, in summer, that you may not suffer in the heat. After she had also blessed her sons, they went out into the forest. Einer held an other's watch, sat on the highest Eiche and watched the tower. When eleven days had passed, and the line of Benjamin came, he saw a flag being raised, not the white but the red blood flag, which announced that they should all die.. When the brothers heard this, they were angry and said, "We must suffer for the sake of a girl! We swear that we will not take revenge: where we find a girl, her red blood will flow".. They said, "We will live here, and you, Benjamin, you are the youngest and weakest, you shall stay at home and take care of the household, and we will go out and get food". So they went into the forest and shot rabbits, wild reindeer, birds and pigeons and what they had to eat.. In the house they lived together for ten years, and the time was not long for them. The daughter, who had been born to their mother, the queen, had now grown up, was good of heart and beautiful of face and had a golden star on her forehead. Once, as a big Wäsche war, sah es darunter zwölf Mannshemden und fragte seine Mutter  wem gehören diese zwölf Hemden, für den Vater sind sie doch viel zu klein? Da antwortete sie mit schwerem Herzen liebes Kind, die gehören deinen zwölf Brüdern. Sprach das Mädchen wo sind meine zwölf Brüder, ich habe noch nie von ihnen gehört. She replied das weiß Gott, wo sie sind: sie irren in der Welt herum. Da sie nahm das Mädchen und schloß ihm das Zimmer auf, und zeigte ihm die zwölf Särge mit. "These words", she said, "were meant for your brothers, but they went away secretly, and you were born, and told him how everything had happened. The girl said, "Dear Mother, we are not going to go and look for my brothers". So she took her twelve shirts and went into the forest.. Es gieng den ganzen Tag und am Abend came to the cursed house. She went in and found a young boy, asked him where he came from and where he was going, and was surprised that he was so beautiful, had a royal robe and a star on his forehead.. She answered, "I am a king's daughter and I am looking for my twelve brothers and I will go as far as the sky is blue until I find them". She also showed him the twelve shirts that belonged to them. And she saw Benjamin that she was his sister, and said, I am Benjamin, thy youngest brother. And they went and wept for joy, and Benjamin also, and they kissed and comforted one another with great love.. Hernach sprach er liebe Schwester, es ist noch eine Vorbehalt da, we had agreed that ein jedes Mädchen, das uns begegnete, sollte sterben, weil wir ein Mädchen unser Königreich verlassen mussten. Da sagte sie ich will gerne sterben, wenn ich damit meine zwölf Brüder erlösen kann. No, ansprachte er, you shall not die, sit yourself under this Bütte until the eleven brothers come, dann will ich schon einig mit ihnen werden. Also that she; und wie es Nacht ward kam, die andern von der Jagdzeit, und die Mahl war bereit. And when they were at table and sat down, they asked him, "What is new?" Benjamin said, "Don't you know anything?". He said, "I've been to the West, and I've been to the East, and I know more than you do". So tell us what you called her.. He answered, "You promised me also that the first girl we met would not be killed?" "Yes, they all called, "She will have mercy, tell us only". When he spoke, "Our sister is here", "and the door opened, and the king's daughter came out in her royal robes with the golden star on her forehead, and was so beautiful, delicate and fine".. And they were all glad, and fell on their necks, and kissed them, and loved them with all their heart.. The elves went into the forest, the fiengen Gewild, Rehe, Vögel und Täuberchen, so that they had to eat, and the Schwester und Benjamin made sure that it was prepared. She sought the wood for cooking and the herbs for the gems, and set the pots on fire, so that the feast would always be ready when the Elves came.. She also kept the house in order, and made the beds white and clean, and the brothers were always satisfied and lived in great harmony with her.. There was a little garden in the cursed house, where twelve lilies stood, which were also called students. Now she wanted to make her brothers happy, so she took the twelve flowers and thought to give each of them one.. As they were about to leave the flower, in the same instant the twelve brothers were transformed into twelve ravens and flew over the forest to their fort, and the house with the garden was also gone.. Da was nun das arme Mädchen allein im wilden Wald, und wie es sich umsah, so stand eine alte Frau neben ihm, die sprach mein Kind, was hast du angefangen? warum hast du die zwölf weiße Blumen nicht stehen lassen? das waren deine Brüder, die sind nun auf immer in Raben verwandelt. Das Mädchen sprach weinend ist denn kein Mittel sie zu erlösen? No, said die Alte, es ist keins auf der ganzen Welt wie eins, das ist aber so schwer, dass du damit sie nicht befreien wirst, denn du musst sieben Jahre stumm sein, darfst nicht. Now it happens that a king in the forest, who had a big hound, fell in love with the tree where the girl sat, jumped in, screamed and rang the bell. Then the King came and saw the beautiful King's daughter with the golden star on her forehead, and was so delighted with her beauty that he asked her to be his bride. She gave no answer, but nicked a little with the head. He climbed the tree himself, carried her, put her on his horse and led her home.. The wedding was celebrated with great pomp and joy , but the bride did not speak or laugh .. When they had lived happily together for a few years, the King's mother, who was a wicked woman, came to the young queen and said to the king, "This is a wicked maid, whom you have brought with you, who knows what wicked things she is doing".. If she is dumb and cannot speak, she could laugh once, but if she does not laugh, she has a bad conscience. The King did not want to believe it at first, but the Old Tribes accused her for so long and so many bad things, that the King was finally overcome and sentenced her to death. Now a great fire was lit in the court, in which she should be burned: and the King stood above the window and watched with tearful eyes, because he had always loved her so much. And when they had already been bound in the Pfahl, and the fire had leaked their robes with red tongues, the war was the last moment of the seven years.. And there was a noise in the air, and twelve ravens were drawn up, and fell down: and when they touched the earth, they were her twelve brethren, whom she had redeemed.. They tore the fire apart, put out the flames, made their beloved sister free, and kissed and hugged her. But now, when she had opened her mouth and spoken, she told the king why she had been silent and had never laughed.. The King was pleased to hear that they were innocent, and they all lived together in unity until their deaths.. The evil stepmother was brought to trial, and in a flash, the seven-year-old Oel and poisonous serpent filled with war, and starved to a horrible death.